[Music]
m
al
[Music]
i
ah
[Music]
sal
[Music] [Music
]
w
[Music]
Tonight on the screen you're gonna
know everything With news that will catch you You won't
be able to move Fresh gossip Ritas and
passion Get ready for the la let's go queie
The nights that are worth
singing Secrets drama and fun It's
going to catch you and you won't want to leave it ever
[Music]
Everything that happens on TV Here you're going to
hear Each story It's going to move you
The night can't stop let's go What
happens on TV Here you're going to hear
Each story It's going to move you The night can't
stop let's go The nights that are
going to enchant
you Drama and fun The show is going to
catch you and you won't want to leave it ever
[Music]
[Applause]
Never let's go It starts now You're going to
enchant you
Secrets drama and fun The show is going to tie you
down and don't let it go Love everything  what
happens on TV here you're going to hear
each story will thrill you the night you ca
n't stop let's go there you're going to love the
nights the
secret is the plot and the fun the
show will trap you and you won't want to leave
Jam more he
[Music]
Hello now yes no now yes well well
you see it well for that it's good that
we try not that I greet you and
all that stuff Marina
it's me I don't know what I was saying I
was saying goodnight to the people
and greeting them for the
weekend And you what What's up man how are you
How long four days have you missed me
yes no no true I've
missed you more I've missed you more I've
missed you more some WhatsApp there on
Thursday some WhatsApp there on Friday
some other Saturday and some
now while while
we were in the intro I haven't had
much time no no you me neither no no
the truth is that I don't miss you much
but eh You made up the WhatsApp
of Friday yesterday Thursday sorry
Sorry I have proof eh yesterday I wrote to you
but say you have to  tell people about
my involvement with this channel yes or no yes yes yes yes yes get involved
you get involved we can't
deny it that's a reality of course
no no no but we're going all the way eh I
mean really involved man Isa Good
night how are you Isa a kiss sweetheart what a
program Today No today we have you know
what's going on [ __ ] well we have a
lot of
topics and more have been added a while
before we're starting the
live and there's one that I left out that I
have no idea I tried to
look for it but it's left out
but it just posted do you know who
Bertrán and Dongo are Yeah
sure Box has posted a tweet saying
that Alba Carrillo has filed a
complaint against him but I can't find anything I mean I don't
know if it's a fabrication because I don't trust
that man either they had
a beef a few months ago no I see something
in the bichu yes they had one it
sounds to me like they had a beef and that she
said something No look Look it up on Google I
think so it sounds familiar to me uh about something between
these two or that she posted a Story it
sounds familiar I want to hear
something with  look I don't know if
this seems weirder to you or that Javi Oliveira
is
here at 10:20 I didn't want to start
because the truth is I arrived at noon. I was
in Jaén this weekend, which I've never been to
before and we were there just
the two of us alone without children and
disconnecting a little bit and I had
arrived at noon and I was there
all afternoon looking at things to see
what we were going to cover on the live show and little
else because the kids are playing
this squid game and they're
playing and there's nothing nothing nothing let them play
what game here there's a plank eh There are days
when there's a plank and there are days when there's a
plank there's a plank Yes the truth is that there
are things and then you who are
telling me there on WhatsApp that you
want to tell me a secret, I mean it's
going to surprise me, even you told me
Look, I said, I said but because I
think this is cool to share it, I mean,
I said that if we reached 2000
members one of the two of us wouldn't care if it
was you or me  I was telling something
surprising, jar for the face no And
like jar no it's your channel it's your
channel well it's both of you but it's yours
This is your show I mean I'm here
yes because you have to already already putting a
label Yes of course putting yes yes yes yes yes already
really yes really you're right
suddenly something has occurred to you that you have to
tell me no it has
occurred to me no it's that today
something very strong happened someone knows it a
person from the
chat a person from the chat I'm not going to
reveal who knows it a
person from the chat knows it who is in
this chat right now but yes Dallas is here singing
bohemia in rapso Well maybe our guest sings it
better our guest
I think she should know it Dallas
knows it
Dalas no dasas doesn't know it by the way
I've been watching
his videos with Naim Naim
Darrechi or something like that to sleep or something like that I've seen everything no no no how how no
no how do I think about that
subject it's that I'm hallucinating with that character eh
the only thing I think I say look how
handsome the guy is but I'm hallucinating with that
character
of midala I was remembering a lot this
weekend because there's a friend we have
in common who hasn't left me
alone, he hasn't stopped reminding me of
something that we have next week
together and well, I'll tell you. I hope it
goes well, but man, naa, rechi,
tremendous character, tremendous character,
accusations, three or four accusations of
abuse, the last strong one,
eh, he went to
my friend Moto Papi's podcast and started to joke
about how he told the girls that he was
sterile to say it ended inside that it
ended inside. Yes, yes, yes, I've
seen everything even his tiktok course
through it, I laughed because it's
a very, very humorous and very funny way of treating him,
but really, and the I
of 11 thing is brutal, it's brutal. No, no, it's
brutal, it's brutal, this character is
wonderful. The only thing he has, boy,
is that he's cute, but that
only goes so far as he goes, it's not.
Yes, yes, because he's cute, but that he
goes so far seems worthy of analysis,
not at the level, it's, it's very handsome, things
as they are, you can't deny it, man.
Pepi a kiss sweetheart people are
here Of course they want to I mean you're
going to tell us a secret later you're going to
surprise us all about something that
happened to you today let's see it seems to me it seems to me that it's
the typical thing that happens
there's one thing I want to tell you or no It
's not heavy it's heavy I'm not into it I'm not going to
give a [ __ ] right well get
out because it's my show you do
n't rule here you have no place rule
more even Dallas rules more the people in the
chat do rule more in the salsería
Well then what are you doing here
I have to be I have to be I mean
I'm handsome I imagine I don't know Well they've already
criticized you I've seen that they've
criticized you even for that I mean it's just that you do
n't have any way to
answer you at all he doesn't even like my
hair Marina doesn't even like my hair the
day with the hair with the mustache and
it's like but look but if
last week on Twitter I saw some people on
YouTube who suddenly
loved to try The mustache as if
yes I'm creating a trend that  people,
cool as I am, there's no way with you, do
you have an opinion? Let's see the mustache. Maybe it makes
you look older. Well, let's see, it's not that it makes
you look older. It gives you a certain elegance. I
think it gives you a certain touch, but what's up with your
mustache? Then with the cap and the
basketball sweatshirt. No,
maybe it doesn't suit you very. I mean,
a little mustache with the sweatshirt isn't very manly. I
mean, with this cap that you had, very
cool, and this basketball shirt.
I don't know if it's very. No, I don't know. I do
n't know. It says when I change. When I
change physique from being handsome to full. I've had it
since May. I have the one when I'm older.
You should have the Pilares. But
let's not with gin, with a nutritionist.
By the way, when the nutritionist gets to me
next Wednesday, she's
going to grab me by the mustache but she's going to
pull it out. I mean, because I put it on
this weekend. Ha, like a pig. Eh,
well, a lot of olives, no, eh. Not a lot of
ham, a lot of cheese, a lot of flamenquin. It's that
I like a lot of
diet, a lot of diet, this one, no, I haven't
paid attention to the diet, a lot of this. Okay,
then Marina, today  we have today we have a
lot of ironing no today we have a lot Cos we have we have there are
things that
make me quite sad eh quite sad let's see we are we
have on one hand a
guest or rather We have gone from
Esperanza
Aguirre to Malena gracia Today Malena
gracia is coming I don't know if we are aware that
a classic is coming
Today she is coming Hey but uh I've been watching
a lot of content during the afternoon from
Malena gr let's see because of because of
work but it's that I don't know you gave me
a face that is like let's see but it's because of
work I've been watching a lot of content of
course let's see of course content on Malena
to let's see it will be her first
appearance after
Arévalo's death we can't forget that it got
messed up also I mean it was let's remember that Arévalo's
family expelled her from the funeral home
that ended badly she wanted to
write some memoirs that she can tell us a
little bit let's see how that turned out because it's not even been
a year since Arévalo passed away and let's see
what happened and also let's
remember that you remember the group The
people here have to remember the
group of the sex what they tell me come come come Well
I  la ve rocal These are
classics from the history of the heart of a
lifetime I'm sure that Dallas
dances danced to this song and all the
people in the chat or rather and hadn't done it
yet eh boy if
I had already been born yes I had I was 12 to be born to be born Yes but
of course no no no it's not from the fifth of the
Martian Chronicles
I think
but it's not iconic it's ionic I have
some questions around here that I'm going to ask her
thought eh but cloth cloth
cloth I mean it's strong strong Malena
grace
eh
Playboy girl Playboy girl Playboy girl
man it was in her time but let's see
both her and let's see we were
younger you were a little
older but true but thanks Alberto
a kiss Oh sorry a
kiss an Alberto will be the one in the photo is
that I am these photos a drawing Marina it
's a drawing that no that Alberto said
that he was 80 years old recently in the chat or
70 and something Well he will be but that
's a drawing man we're already Well
then maybe it's a drawing okay it will be
me but yes a drawing Marina Maybe it
's a
drawing  already she was very explosive the woman
I remember her man Of course she was
very explosive Yeah, listen she's 52 years old
which is not much older than you I mean I
want to tell you that she's not she's not
eh man let's see 15 no 13 Ah we don't get along
well yes yes yes yes yes and well I think she
told me that she's been to Mexico and such
Okay now let's tell us some things
and such And then we have some audios
that people are going to say again with the
audios but it's true they are audios
and today's audios seem to me well it
's an interview with a person that I think is
not going to leave
absolutely no one indifferent about what she says I
really after listening to it there's a
very very very well known person that you all
know and I think that in this chat she doesn't
awaken what is precisely
love which is that
I can't understand how It's not that it's
strong it's strong it's strong it's strong you
'll see I haven't heard it I've only
heard it they sent it to me in four or
five pieces but I heard the first one and of
course I mean it's going to outrage people they're going to
inent  and also I'm going to give a clue
but I'm not going to say it okay but now
that Dallas is in the chat I have to
say that they're about a person who
had a problem you're not going to know this
but Dallas had a problem with that
person Oh
yeah I haven't seen that I haven't seen that
coming eh but no no but seen it coming he
came here too on Youtube to
look for problems like he knows how to do
the girlfriend got involved she said she said
a [ __ ] to Alis she said [ __ ] Well ent
there now people are going to know who's
good here in the
señoreros they'll know but yes yes a feminist
and here in the señoreros one or one we don't
know what to say but in the
señoreros that I was in the señoría
state state he has been here in
telesalseo in fact he has been here once or
twice let's see He was there once not that I should have with
him and he ran away he didn't end
up
running away surreal
eh happens here eh what doesn't happen here happens
and we wanted to leave eh No what doesn't
happen yet we are still we are still going we're going
to have 15  little months
of trial and it depends on the people. Of course, I don't
know anymore, I think it deserves this, it deserves this.
We are in a trial period, eh
family, I mean, it will depend on you that
this program continues here online.
At the moment we have a 15-
month contract, just 15 months seeing you again,
15 months of trial, but of course, maybe
people will
kick us out. Well, it just appeared
in the chat, the reason that I can't
name, which I'm going to talk about later,
but no, I can't, I can't, no, no, no. I can
reveal, I can't reveal this. This is the
secret of the ending that I promised to
tell, I promised to tell, but that's it, that's it, that's it, okay, well,
look, okay, what is it? I don't
know what it is, of course, I mean, knowing
where the Marina doesn't come out today.
Of course, you can tell me what's not happening here.
Coto was here, Coto was here too. Hey, it
's that everyone is here. I mean, Coto
was here one night with me, Coto has been here
and Kiko has also been here,
everyone has already been,
La Rosito has been, Antonio David has been,
Toqui has been here.  herdal state here
talking to Marta riesco has been we
were here with trium
Here hund no here everyone up to
Esperanza Aguirre up to Esperanza
Aguirre you know that dasas that the other
day Esperanza Aguirre was here who
as well okay it is necessary that Pedro
Sánchez comes Eh I am in the Moncloa No
look I have look I have the
person who handles communications
because when I was in Spanish I had to
write three or four times but I don't
know if I see him entering telesalseo I don't
finish seeing the moment unless there
was a main event no
Yeah but I don't know how I could
raise it at the communication level a little bit the
meeting I don't know if at 10:30 it will be
good for him or he will send us to Skype or
maybe
insulted him I have insulted
Pedro
Sánchez a lot the same in the last season
ill with the Dana thing I have insulted him a
little man Lisardo
handsome for someone who tells you something well you
don't have to pay attention to him man it's that
these are it's that these  These are the
followers that I deserve by
the way, Elizardo, thank you very much for the
shirts, Enrique gave them to me the other day, I do
n't know if you saw that I showed them
here, I'm wearing them for the gin,
for the gym. Oh yeah, don't talk too much about the
gym remember, no, no, but I
told Lisardo because he gave a super
chat, whoever gives a super chat
buys from me, that's how life is. Bitness says, says, says
in the chat that Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
very loud, very loud, very loud, very loud
Marina man, Good night, bad guide,
good night, How are you? I was over there
doing this, I say, eh, eh, there's
someone down there calling me, how are you, honey? Hey, do
you mind putting your phone
on standby, yes, I'm going to do it like this, no.
Or
how about the phone in horizontal mode so that
you're the same as us, okay, I have it
here on the stick,
wait. So I'm going to put it somewhere else.
Ah, but it sees me upside down, weird, no, no,
man. Now now now it fits.
No, I'm not in the same place, but I
see myself upside down, the screen isn't
upside down. Yeah, let's see.  but wait a little bit
wait a moment do I have to turn it or
how do I do it no it doesn't turn turn the phone and
wait a moment turn the phone yes but if I
turn it yes I turn it Look I'm No now it
fixes itself Wait wait Ah well no well no it doesn't It doesn't have
p maybe it doesn't have
the
rotation maybe it doesn't have the rotation I'm not sure Okay so we
put it like this Okay
how long Malena welcome
sima tres salseo please thank you very much for
inviting me well we leave it like this okay we leave it like this so I don't
get carried away because if not I'm sure I'm going to get confused well How are you How are you doing you're
in Spain right now I'm not
here yes I was in Mexico eh I arrived
a week or so ago around there and very
happy with many projects many
things very
happy What are you doing gigs right now
too and little things no something I've seen
to see I've been in Mexico recording
a song a singer from there
called gibra that we're going to release on the 12th
the day of the Guadalupana that I have
hanging here I am very devoted to this virgin
and then here in
Spain yes Many  I'm starting now from
January 22nd.
Well, a super show that I can't
say where we're going to be but that's going to be
a lot to talk about and it's going to be
here in Madrid in one of the best
places but it's not going to be in one day it's going to be
continuous all year long.
Sorry, now I heard the sound.
No, no, no, no, it's
perfect and then apart from that, well,
concerts I'm there on the 21st when I was
recording an advertisement for a cinema in Murcia
together with more colleagues, concerts from
the 90s, the 2000s, theater that I'm also still
doing, a play called Mr.
Maid. I just recorded a short film, well,
a thousand things, a thousand things really. Hey, look, it
's okay, no, no, cl that people
seem to sometimes when they're not on
television continuously, the
national channels seem like they don't
exist, many times it's like, What will
become of their life? Will it be over? Will it be
over? No, and no, and it's not like that at all, of
course. No, because one can't always
be on television. If suddenly you have
concerts like in my case and many, then I have to
be touring or if I have
theater, TV. Well, from time to time, no.
I don't like to give either.  scandals or things like that
things come out because they come out of my life
because It's logical I am a well-
known character but
no I don't consider myself to live off that, I mean
I'm an artist and I live off my work
that one day a program comes up calling me,
I'd be delighted because television is always good
but but if I were
presenting or doing something else Yes but
going as a collaborator of those things since
I'm not one to get into those messes
then it calls me a bit well the last
time you were on television it was because of
a mess no Well but why do they get me involved
because things come out It's logical you go to
a place I don't know what but not because
I provoke those situations but because they are
part, so to speak, of my life,
the issue with the Arévalo family hasn't been resolved a little bit,
the bad
situation that there was over the funeral home
no no because what they did seemed very ugly to me
they haven't asked me for
forgiveness and well well it makes me very
sad that they behaved so badly
with me to me to everyone who lived through it,
colleagues who were with me manol
local ton Antonio they all stayed  that they
said how ugly what they've done how
bad with how well you've behaved
with I mean a snub a very ugly thing
and I until I'm asked for forgiveness that
God forgive them but it has hurt me a
lot then Well then I hope it goes
very well for them because I'm going to continue on my path it's
also that it's been
almost a year now and I was thinking about this whole
year maybe they have been able to resolve
some small differences because
a person goes to a funeral home in
Valencia and is despised and
expelled when they go with all their good
intentions to say goodbye to a loved one it
seems to me then I say a year has passed I say maybe there has
been a rapprochement
things have been fixed nothing no no I
keep putting me in a bad light and the granddaughter and all
because they want to be in the spotlight they do
want to be in the spotlight because Ah
since he's not deceased Well what are they going to
do they need all these things
I've been thinking about it I mean they wouldn't have
done it to Costa it's just that I don't know what to
think come on it's very ugly No I don't
forgive him because we have to  forgive but
but I don't forget then to
this day no one has either asked me for forgiveness
or on the contrary they continue to talk about
me I have already moved on from the subject but I have
seen Interview where the granddaughter It makes me
green the granddaughter who appeared a year
or two ago on screen she had never been
seen before now she has suddenly appeared But
well I have a job a
very nice profession I am doing very well I am very happy
and and that is what matters I have
a
wonderful family you were also writing
if I am not mistaken that also in the
end is good work and not your memoirs it
could be or that is a project that is
det tú there no yes I am writing it and I
am talking to producers I have
raised several and there are some more that I
want to test out and that I hope will see the
light because before it is a book I
want it to be a series a series for
television and there the public will be
able to find out about many things because I have been
bullied my life has
been very complicated for being a woman for
having talent because in the end neither more
beautiful nor uglier I have simply had
a profession that I have loved and and I
think that  I am and I say it with pride
very talented But because I've studied
a lot this doesn't reach me nobody has
given me anything everything has been based on
a lot of effort and it seems that there are
people who are annoyed or
whatever So I've had to put up with a lot of
things but I can't stand it anymore neither contempt
nor bullying nor I already know very well who I am what I'm
worth and why I'm still
here in this career if not I wouldn't continue
Here it's clear but to do something
related to Arévalo be it a series
or x you don't need a
Family authorization meaning they are going to put
some kind of impediment on you it's that I'm not
going to talk about Aralo Malena Gracia is
a very important character meaning I'll
talk about him Well maybe in one
chapter at specific times because he has been
part of my life and it's logical no but
the series is about Malena Gracia not about
Arévalo and I can talk about whatever
the hell I want because it's my life
told okay okay okay forgive me
forgive me I thought I had read that
you had commented at the time that you
wanted  do like a memoir about
him Forgive me for asking you that
question Uh okay okay okay okay No no
that his family will do it now that will
appear because he has been in my life
well in ibl he will have to appear like
many people who have passed through my life
but H especially him No man I
think that the javis would be perfect to
do a series with I love them I've
been talking my manager with them
but they have a lot of work and I would
like them to direct it not someone
else no then Well
we are there still looking at possibilities
also in Mexico I have been talking about
this I imagine not Of course it is a chapter
that you cannot skip in your life and
you regret something because
many years have passed since the subject
since the moments of Martian Chronicles
and everything that you just said I have had to
endure a lot thank God
society and television have
evolved a lot I don't know if there is anything that
you regret from the past you
now have a lot of work you are
working No no I regret anything
because to get here I have already
told you that I do not come from a family  I wasn't even
born a millionaire you know I've
had to fight like a wild boar and like a
champion in a very difficult world full of
envy, of jokes, of take off so I can
get in, it's still my turn eh
Because incredibly there are still things that I
see that I say oh my god, the people
who are wrong No, I, as I go through
life on my own path, I didn't love the
time of Crónica marquera I loved it
because Sardá is a great professional
I learned a lot from him I also had a
lot of fun things happened But
well, it's better if they hadn't happened but that's
life in life
good things happen bad things happen and that's it and you
have to learn to accept them and
live with
it but it's what you say that
many good things also happened to you like that
song of yours crazy that I think will
haunt you positively positively all
your life That they will continue to ask for it
wherever you go no because here in all
the truths they continue to play it for us and we
continue dancing to it I mean, imagine
like you I think it is part of the
Spanish music of the 2000s that's why I do so
many festivals  that's why that's what
people want, so what they see of me, not
my work because what they Comment on what it is that
I really care Now I don't care
at all Look, before I
cared because my mother was alive and I
saw her suffer and my mother for me She was the
greatest thing that I had but
now I have her I
say well if it's that world
we live in we are not modern and we are we are
modern but to criticize
women you know that no no it seems that now to
change a little If you could Go back would
you walk away or reject the whole
thing of the heart the gossip and the reality shows
Look, I don't regret having done
that because it has also brought me money
or rather, whoever says no, even
big actors when they have told me I would never do it
then I have seen them on sets
talking the same I think that everything contributes or
rather and I my path at a certain point I
had a very famous television series for
many years they started to call me and I do
n't despise anything because I believe that
everything has its point that way people have also gotten to
know me no no I don't regret it, I
have liked it, I have liked going to  reality shows
on surve I learned a lot at the hotel
gland I had a great time so it's
part of my
artistic career and there was a time exploring
the
political issue No, no, that wasn't it, that was it, no, it was, it
could be, if not, you didn't have a
controversy with Asnar because he referred to
you in a derogatory way or something like that I
think it was with the hotel
Gran, will it be that he has caught Yes, that's right, she did
n't Ah I say now that it had been cut off, no
or something Ah okay okay Yes yes it had been
cut off,
yes I was telling you that if not, you didn't
have a controversy at the hotel Glam
and t because aar is
ref No
oh now I don't know what's happening with the
internet no what I was saying that that
occurred to me as I have this
thinking mind I always come up with things
going to talk to the camera and such because they
said that the program I think has
been the best reality show there has been and
that there will be I sign that Totally
agree that was when it started yes hotel
Glam is a let's see but in the end it was Big
Brother no but but in version but I
think it was much more it was  Big Brother
was a hotel where we were stuck
where we might one day go jumping out
of a plane or we would go we were
lost crazy it was all very fun
I watch Big Brother and I get bored
sometimes well I say if they are in there it
bores me You still have a
relationship with your lifelong friends You
still have a relationship with Yola the
same relationship with me I see them I see them And
such But we have continued careers already As
she is now with Sonia in her things
Well I know that with Sonia she got along well
that the sexb is back but she
d But well I'm not here to
talk about Yola I'm here to talk about
me but as she said the other day like
you weren't part of the
sexb I say of course and that's why there are images and that's why We
have acted together a thousand times we have
gone to many places let them say what they
want Look if it's that it doesn't matter to me that they are
doing very well and they are very happy
that I am super happy It's true that she
said something that I hadn't recorded
with them that's true well I left the
group to the I don't know  how many galas would I do
four five Also there's Fontaneda there who
was the founder of the group and he
can corroborate it but
but now They also have to
talk about me to get out Well come on, I
really don't care but the thing is
that Malena you are classics you are
also history of the popular artistic culture
of this country it's that for me, I mean the
fact that you're here the fact of
talking
to you It seems brutal to me, I mean it's
happened when was the first time
that you appeared on
television more or
less I as I come from the artistic world
all my life because I I respect
a lot Well that I who are there have been
gogos I don't come from a
dance club, I've been an artist since I was
6 years old when I started getting a
dance degree then singing and
acting, well all my life on
television on Antena 3 I already had my series
in 99 it seems to me
eh so I mean what do you have to say that all my
life I've been an artist I haven't left that they
've seen me in a club you know no yeah yeah yeah no yeah that
yes that marks there is a
bit of differentiation No  is that it is
discrimination towards others but a bit of the
difference It seems perfect to me because there has to be
room for everyone but
here there is a career there are many years of
studies of preparation of going from
town to town that I love Also
because I love going to places and that
everyone has the possibility of being
able to see us but what is that not when they do not
want to compare us with certain people
Look at my resume it is that there is no color
that we have nothing to do with each other Or so
How many for example How many gigs can you
do throughout a year more or less
bu it depends Imagine it depends I now have
signed the whole year it depends
This next year is going to be very good
but last year Well maybe it was a
little weaker 50 it depends there are others who
make much more than me eh It depends depends on
the year it depends on many things
like if for example I want to
hire you for my wedding obviously there is
a cache no and I or you know it
depends on where the wedding is the cache of course
and then they have to talk to my manager who
is the one who manages me I do weddings
few always people very close or not
for nothing but because I am in so many
concerts that well I do not have much
time but I'm delighted it's like
sometimes they've hired me for birthdays I've
gone too and to the prisons
too because it seems to me everyone has the
right to see live music. Yes, I used to
perform in prisons years ago
and I loved it because I didn't know that, yes
because I'm very much into collaborating, man, they
paid me a fee undoubtedly but no no but of
course not for you but of course
who pays for
that? The prisons directly put on
performances at Christmas in many
seasons it's very good you know I mean I do
n't mind at all, I want to
tell you that I'm an artist
that 6000 people don't matter to me look
now I'm working a lot with those of
20 which are thousands of
people the tent festival is like a
festival of songs of the period that
I go to there are
many stages and they give
work to many artists and they also
organize it super well that I will be there, I think it
's on June 21st if I'm not mistaken in
Madrid too, with
them you're going to sing Loca hbre loca can't be
missed can't be missed I have it
done in like five or six versions what I
do is that I cover it and
then many others  My famous songs too
Look at the Latin hottie Well I have a
lot no I'm the
fire many many who ask me Look
Yesterday they were writing to me from Chile from
Maldivia that they were playing my
songs in Chile in many countries in
Mexico I have also entered places that
also pin my songs and Malena if we
ask you ig this is very daring because of the time the ones that
are Javi never dances But if we
asked you like this you can say no
without commitment eh the chorus and we
start dancing here the chorus
crazy and we sing it the three of us Maybe I'll
sing you a little bit If you want come on that would
be very very epic eh I don't usually do it eh
Because my manager is up to scolding
but well how could he not see me I think she
's crazy For a kiss from
you Crazy for your lips crazy pores and
caressing them to dance naked to the sound
of the seven loves and that you know
once and for all that it's all about taste the
colors Oy
Hey
epic come down because I'm sick this
thing that your manager won't see it I don't  I
know you don't know how far it goes I
hope he doesn't see it so he doesn't
scold you but it's a job Hey how great How
great How great How great how direct
my goodness what Cool Malena jol Malena Well here is
your
house we are here whenever you need it when you have something to tell us or whatever well Wait wait next one or rather sorry uh next performances so closer you had to be in cinema this month the 20th uh the 22nd of January I am going to present The show in Madrid that I will tell you about
also spending Christmas and
then I have four or five more things
But right now I can't remember by
heart the truth okay But but anyway I
will keep you informed And yes I will tell you so that
when I already have the show And that
to tell you a little more anything is worth
Here is your channel Also she has
worked has worked with anana
basquilla mía that s Oh s a
lot of course and with Josele yes I was
at Josele's house also of course of course Yes they
are very nice we have done theater we did
such a beautiful performance but look at one
moment boom  Covid arrived, I say Oh,
we premiered in Madrid, they gave me kisses and
hugs, of course, on the 7th, the whole theater kissed me
and [ __ ] me. But anyway, it was
worth it, the show was beautiful,
honestly, yes, I loved it, eh, I
went to see you and I really loved it. Ah
yes, Oh, how great, thank you, so nothing. Well,
thank you very much, eh, Malena, and
good luck with all the projects,
you, you, where are you? Where are you?
Here on YouTube, giving it your all. No,
but I say where in Spain. Ah,
right now I'm in Cantabria and he's in Seville,
we're divided. Look, in Cantabria
I have a tour this summer, I'm going to
be there a lot because quite a lot
because one of my friends lives there.
Santander. Ah, in Santander. So yes, I
go a lot, a friend of mine from the
bus whose boyfriend is from Bilbao.
So I'm always between. What's his
name because his name is Jesús, he had a
good computer place that he's already
retired, Jesús, but he's very well known
in Santander. Ah, well, if he's well known, I have to
know him, or is it me? Man,
man, man, well, Santre. I think he
had the store, his
name was, I'm sure I can find him.  well it's definitely
a pleasure a
big kiss thank you and tell us things bye
thank you thank you Malena a
hug goodbye gorgeous bye bye
Hey no, spectacular no but brutal brutal brutal
brutal Dalas just said
on the chat that if you kick me out for
God's sake I'm losing my dignity with these comments She's hiring me don't laugh the other day she was in a hurry because I put her as moderator take it off take it off take it off Hey what an epic moment we've lived here with Malena thanks please our clip dancing Well you haven't put much effort into the dance it's been a bit like
grandma who didn't
catch me off guard of course I didn't
expect it but what did you think
family it seemed like a good moment over
here Sister Cotilla has given us five
members a kiss forgive me that while
such I haven't said anything eh And it had also
appeared to me there that Lisardo
had given members but he doesn't appear to me I
saw him on the chat slo I don't know
a
long kiss for kissing me with yours here here here here is
here is Lisardo and here
is Sister  what Marina says you know I
love you but Marena is spectacular eh
esp spectacular the Rodriguez
Menendez issue I already knew as soon as she hears you
I say my God because to everyone well
I don't well I don't want to
ask her why not no longer as such the
Rodriguez Menendez issue that yes
also I don't say let's see what she says but
also because she had a
strong defamation episode with this
Rodriguez Mendez magazine of tell me that we have been
here treating her a lot because of the
Antonio David issue who was a partner so that's
where I wanted to
bring up the subject but well she didn't want to
mention it I no I didn't know the truth
no wait I deserve I deserve this
moment eh by the way I've seen people who
do it live I mean I don't know if it's because it's
not possible or it looks ugly and you don't want me to do it I do
n't care I don't
care but what happened is that YouTube
sent me once do you remember a strike they
gave me a strike Yeah well I see people
do the live shows and they continue Eh well
maybe someone here can tell you
Better But okay okay okay
listen to me  one thing eh that is that even
in the live shows people come out
naked and the other day they gave me a
senseless ban on twi you know what I mean
This is how it is I think they have me in a
handcuff I think so I think it depends on what they
report and such And you know that we have
many eyes on us
yes listen to me one thing what I was telling you about
Rodríguez Ménez even Mila
Jiménez herself when eh she didn't want to talk
about him either Imagine that he no longer had filters I mean he
talked about absolutely
everyone and it didn't matter to him but
but it's a little out of fear no yes because it's that
What a danger yes yes yes yes it is what
that man was like he was the absolute sewers of of of of
everything let's go I don't know
Menéndez Rodríguez Menéndez
Villarejo it's that I don't know I don't know Marina I
love your blouse you look beautiful as
always and the boy by your side is a
gift for the eyes Oh how good no no no I do
n't have to compliment me for that Malena about the
issue that I asked him about
Rodríguez Menéndez if he hadn't she would be the
only one  guest who hasn't complimented me
you
think It's true she hasn't said anything to you she hasn't said
anything to you she
probably thought about it Hey but I would have felt
very flattered if Malena Gracia had
complimented me eh I'll keep that little thing the
truth Let's see your ego stop it It seems
little to you that she sang crazy to us also she surprised me
ion Rey wanted to stay and Bon Reyes wanted to
stay with me you told these
people man Pau Thank you so much to
both of you for such a day for one more day to
bring us this great surprise well the
night isn't over Pau I recommend
that you get comfortable because today we have
a busy day a kiss gorgeous queen
a huge kiss Thank you
Pau say what she said Remember what
Ivon Reyes said Who was Ivon Esperanza
graci Esperanza thanks again think about it
Esperanza Aguirre I didn't leave either worse
the other day you didn't see it strange no but he
had more feeling with you than with me and
that's what I bring them but then this
is the other way around the chat here in the chat He
[ __ ] me and then the famous ones eh  they go
to you when I bring them It's that no no no it doesn't make
sense I don't know if I don't know if
Dalan knows But always no no no it's not
tradition or anything eh I mean it's not like I
force people or anything but he
always flirts with me he always says Hey by the
way the boy is very cute always
Ángel garó Ivon rep especially Ángel
garó what is he going to say I don't like it's that of
course if you're ugly He's not going to tell you or
what's wrong because he's Ángel garó why is it happening well he
told me because because it
came from the soul Hey What do you mean of course he's going to
say a kiss my
beautiful tits no no the truth is that this
isn't making any sense and I'm
waiting because I know that we're going to talk about
a topic apart from the topic of the audios of
an answer that could be possible
because
we are there like in the air of of
so many things in this live that I am
with an adrenaline that that maybe we can't
answer tonight maybe we can
answer something tonight and we have
some audios around here that show that
well we'll see later at night what
happens
Okay, there's a topic that I'm going to move forward to,
we had it further back, but I'm going to move it
forward just in case it gets left
behind because this topic can't get
left behind and this is what a mess
this afternoon has been on the party program. Wait, we're
not going to talk about minors.
No, there's no minor. Why is it, okay? No,
no, because it's because I just
wrote to Javier Urra, who was the
former defender of minors, who
I always went to for press issues and
to get things out, it was always like
his statements and yes, yes. And why has
Javier Urra been here? Here too, I'm not
leaving either. Eh, no, it was because
I brought him. Does he have a mustache? No, yes, he has a mustache,
but no, Javier Urra didn't flirt with me
either, eh. But what is he telling you? He doesn't
always write to me, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. I'm not saying in case we're
going to
discuss something like that, I say, write, I ask
something, no, there's it, there's it, there's it,
eh. Sorry, I'm there, there's it, yeah. No, man,
minors are not related to the
ISAPI issue, but not specifically with that
episode because I already know about that thing with
Isabel Boyo, she was there this weekend.  on
Friday he argued a lot with Angela
Portero Who is
boyo boyo Raquel boyo talking about iapi and she
was arguing I'm angry with
Raquel boyo because I don't understand it
perfectly let's
see let's see what about It's that on Friday
with all the love we have for
telesalseo okay it's going man of course
telesalseo we are Our objective
is Our objective but we are still
we are testing testing testing Yes
yes we are on the way but we still can't
pay like on Friday no no three
figures Yes but three figures Yes but of course it's that
on Friday I think it's going for the
se not for sale I think it's going for the yes
way the 6 What are you saying
no he doesn't pay nonsense No man s but yes
for the budget that right now
but I would love for you to bring
Javier gurrchaga Hey, he could be a
great great here that people propose
candidates
Javier but super no no here everyone
has a place everyone can Well
as long as he is the owner of the Channel
but let's see
Javier gurruchaga it's true Hey fate you
had lost the pizza he had
lost the
pizza you  I swear
eh I love the nights with Marina
says there and me too Cristina a kiss
[Music]
great How shameless she is What's wrong, wrong with you
Tell the people, she's
not going to come anymore because of you because
Raquel always comes with me Well
always with you no sorry let's see
how you know her I don't know I appeared here
on the chat one day and came up on the phone,
that's about that I know Raquel boyo okay And
well I've known him for like months
on life that the truth is that she
behaved very well as a companion but yes, it's
true that I wrote to her like Hey
Raquel come over and she said to me like I don't
want to be very nice she has nothing to do
with the media and with nothing like
far from all this but I understand
that she calls him on Fridays and knows that he doesn't
exist anymore save me and that it's not going to have eh
a negative repercussion eh nor are they going to bring
out negative things but rather she stays there
and I mean she feeds back Ana Rosa in
such but it will always be in a quote
softer way knowing that  It's not here
save me Sister to Dallas Well I don't
have her number Javi has it it would be
more in the salseria no But Javi is
afraid to take me there because the eclipse
no but to see a collaboration of Sister
Cotilla with Dala would enter no also no eh
Yes man they are like the antithesis the
truth is like wisdom just like
youth also with a certain
intelligence Yes yes it would be good a good
duo the truth yes it would be good it would be good
I also see it that we are going to
require I'm going to see is it really
when she told you she was retired she
was retired yes Ah rep They also
offered me for a specific day besides what she
has said she had already told before
I have been listening to her I repeat the same thing, I
mean eh I have been
listening to her with that speech for
years about ISAP, I mean it's a bit the
same but like Fran Rera
last week but well it's also a bit to
tell another testimony that goes a little
in favor of Isabel Pantoja and against
ISAP because they are all in favor of ISAP
And that is boring We have to have a little
contrast no then well
Nicoa how sweet and now this
coming Friday, on Friday Nicoa No, I
'm not sweet Yes, yes, because more after what happened
today, let's see, right? Oh
my goodness, let's go, it's true, let's
click on what we're commenting on and maybe
people don't know what we're
talking about, let's understand, yes, because it was
very difficult. But well, they were
talking about this episode where
uh Isabel Pantoja would have cut
her daughter's hair so that she wouldn't hook up with
the boys, I don't know what, I don't know how much, and
suddenly, well, can you explain to me why
Alexia is so involved in this issue,
always, well, look, if you want, I'll
ask her, let's see, wait, can you come?
Alexia, tell her, we're talking about gossip? Can you come?
Of course, I'm seeing her here on the
monitor, but it's like Alexia was. I mean,
she was in Cantora and she was in all
these eras, but of course, we're talking
about how long ago this that they're telling
now about the episode of the hose, the
episode of I don't know what. So,
Alexia has to be there, well, let's see, I sense that if she gets
involved, it's because she knows something, not
from one of the parties, no  s Ah I'll let
you know, no need to ask,
okay No, but if you want to upload it, upload it,
eh No, yeah, man Now suddenly I doubt it,
but at some point he did tell me,
eh, he tells me Ah, I have her phone number, what
was it for, I don't remember, I don't know, but okay, tell me, I
have the explanation of why she is so
involved Chan Chan Chan Chan Chan Chan
Alexia and sapi share their
representative, who is Sonia, then
between the Indian, what? Come on, what's up, yes,
the Indian told you what? Come on, what are you going to see? I
stole from him, I stole from him, daras made a
joke a while ago and you just
stole the Indian's info. I swear on my
mother that I haven't seen what he
posted and if I say just comments, it's for a
reason you are the Indian. Okay, well, they don't
share Sonia, who is their
representative, whom I know and have spoken
to a thousand times. So
obviously, obviously, one person and
the other will have the information or will give
the information that each one wants them to
tell in different spaces, no, but
when one person shares a
representative with another, the most normal thing is to
see the other person involved or
has information and others don't,
so the two of them get along very well and they
also share a representative  Alexia and
well Isa has been with ISAP, she has been with Sonia
but almost from the beginning. Because they
also understand each other super well, since I
was in C or at least years with Sonia and
Alexia has been with Sonia for a long time, so that's why it
's very good
and and by sharing a representative, she gets
involved and and has
information that the rest don't have, so
that's a bit of the explanation.
What do you think? Let's watch the video
because I give it like this.
The idea of ​​​​and now I want to know, go
think about the answer. I want to know if you
trust
Dulce Pantoja, she wants to give her version.
Dulce. Good afternoon. You are live, we are
listening to you, what do you want to
say? Hello, good
afternoon. B TV,
please, good afternoon, what do you
want to say about what you are listening to,
look, let's see. It seems very strong to me that they
are playing with this, eh, all
afternoon, all afternoon with this bait for
this video that they have put up right now.
Okay, okay, Dulce, listen to me what
that Pantoja is telling me, eh, the episode that
happened to her, turn down the TV if you can please, if it does
n't fit in like this, but turn down the
volume, no, turn it down.
Yes, let's watch Quique, the episode  It
happened And it's even more serious and you can't
explain it I kept my mouth shut so as not to
cause more harm to my girl and I said it
very
clearly but can you give us any
more details apart from what Isapi said so we
can understand Dulce K
knows what she's going to tell is very
clear it's very clear you know Quique already
knows because evidently someone has
spoken to her before her mother cut her hair her
mother's hair But for what reason did your
mother cut her hair she cornered her she
cornered her by force I got involved I got
involved to avoid it and the mother tried to
stab me with scissors in the stomach
please mother, be strong how
strong it is very strong what you're
saying dul with all his balls it's
very strong what you're doing man is
accusing her of attempted murder a
little strong quaron in the middle to
avoid her that I want I don't want to cut
Dulce's story or anything like that I have to do I
have to take a little
break Tell Dulce please that I would
like to talk to her after
When is Emma coming by the way to I
told you the other day and you've ignored me I have
n't  ignored Marina is that you
write me a WhatsApp every 5 minutes
some for statistics statistics
some Look
Javier Oliveira I'm never going to write to you
again and you're going to do the next
topics and the next programs let's see what
they do no no no I'm not going to write to you until
Wednesday at 7 in the afternoon Hello
What's up with topics I'm going to go live
and I'm going to stay like this how are you now
yes we're going to go live you like the
program like this you don't even believe it you don't
even believe it when
Emma is coming Well if you want me to come and the
people want me to come I'll write to her and if
Pau Pau Pau Pau wants you want me to
come Yes Pau Pau right now she's
almost done the entire challenge alone
with that superat So right now she
decides is that Marina became toxic says
no
J please I'm healthy I hate
toxic people far far
away Javi you've known me for two and a
half years eh Please good good good
couple fights meme good good good
good listen to me something strong I mean
man is that they just finished her but what a
bossy what a bossy By  true that
this is going to be eaten is it a Unicorn no Or I'll
tell you one thing it
is a Unicorn but I'm going to tell you one
thing always at the end of the program it
says the program is not responsible
for the opinions of the guests such and
such but eh but
Wait wait that's why Esma
cut it off But because if this is not of interest to me
on Sálvame I think they wouldn't have it on
Sálvame they wouldn't have cut this
call but I'll tell you one thing
eh Beyond the barbarity to the level that
if Isabel Pantoja wants she will file a
lawsuit and let's go eh also
money is needed is that I am sure or I am
almost sure that she is going to do it and she has
all the chances of winning eye eh but now
we enter eh of course we not her I don't
imagine that she has no proof of that but
watch out in the petit comité there will be many people
who say you believe it you don't
believe it or rather it's already speculation
no I think that no I don't believe it Well
then me Why not I let's see I can
believe that she was cutting her
hair because I see Isabel Pantoja's
thoughts as
very scurrilous or rather mentality  castrosa
esc and Dulce what does she have to lose, I
have seen Dulce enter into a situation, also, kik has taken
advantage of the situation, I
understand that journalists have to get
things out, it was clear that there was a
previous conversation because it is known and
intuited and it is noticeable, but
Pantoja's little scissors say Javi what It's bad, eh
man, it's that of course no Javi, you didn't
understand it, eh or yes,
no,
Chita Hey, but let's
see, well, eh, eh Listen to me, Dulce, let's
really analyze what she has to
lose in this, telling that, well, she has to
lose, I mean, what does she have? What does she gain by
lying about that, point number one, she
loses a lot, the truth is, I think that she has
entered in a way, she said it in
such a vehement way that, eh, yes, it is
true that in recent times, the
last few years, we have seen that I have seen that she
really is a person who is not
well, who has come out very damaged
for being part of the Pantoja Clan, she is a
person who has always been by
Isapi's side, who has always been, she is the one who has
always been there in everything on an
emotional level, on an  eh of
knowing her studies her grades that she has
accompanied her physically in everything
evidently on a financial level eh
her mother has supported her I have always
said that Isabel Pantoja as an artist is
wonderful but we have already seen not
only with testimonies but with
facts that eh
Isabel Pantoja has been a mother,
I am not saying it, her own daughter says it,
her own son says it, whom I will never defend
but that is how it is, people
who have been close to her have said that they have come
out scalded we have seen a little
LoL and the kiosk owner people who have been
harmed by Isabel I don't know
man it seems to me like a very
serious accusation that we are not someone nobody
to say Well yes well no because we have not
lived it myself It would
surprise you Well the thing is that I don't know what
happens in each house sincerely it seems
very serious to me that she says that but no no I don't know
to what extent it goes it is serious of course it is
I believe one thing that if they sue her they
condemn her whether it is true or a lie there is
the thing that really
the serious thing would have been if that had happened but of course right now the serious thing is her accusation Beyond you understand what I want to tell you but in  this
context that she is the one who brings that to
light let's imagine that it is true that she
tried to stab him with scissors okay by
right to honor the sentence we have seen we have
seen in the last year several
convictions to people who convicted telling
the truth I mean the fact that you are
convicted does not mean that a
person is lying or whatever eh I can
give you an example I'm not going to give you
any specific one but there are many
times that a person is convicted for
telling the truth and and and in this case whether it is
true Or rather a lie it is something that
violates their honor Yes or yes and she is going to
sue both her and the
producer we will see if the
producer or at some point you never
know the turns life takes what
she has planned to do at a work level
at some point Imagine that she needs
money to sell she worked on the network
was in an Idol kit she had to withdraw or
whatever I mean I want to tell you eh Yes yes First of all
at some point she can sue and you will
win for sure but I will talk to you on a
level you talk to me on a legal level which is what
the real issue is here
but I will  I speak at a level I have seen it is
strong it is very strong it is very strong I
would not dare to be one but but
listen to me And if now isap comes out and I
doubt it because Dulce said that she has not
told it before so as not to harm the
girl and if now yapis comes out saying that
this is true it is that if he does not leave her he leaves her in her
underwear it is a very
vulgar expression he leaves her with her ass in the air which is
also vulgar he leaves her he leaves her
sold So to speak I mean
Isa Pantoja's position now is very
complicated because on the one hand she has no
relationship with her mother she has said that she is
pregnant and that is what I said she says yes not
even with albertito who is 9 10 years old she
has obviously worried with a child
that she does not even know there is not going to be a
reaction an approach she says but now
eh Isa's position pregnant
happy happy with this this outburst of
Dulce who has said it with a vehemence
that to me I am a vehement person and I
want to tell you it is hard for me to think that she is
lying when someone comes in with you know I
mean it is serious Of course it is
serious
but I don't know  if it's more serious than the fact
that she told it or the fact of
thinking that it could have happened, you know, I do
n't know, I don't know anymore, let's see how in
any case, Isabel Pantoja sues, she will
find out, it will be Antonio Rossi who will tell it
but obviously that is how it is, it is very
clear, it is true what
Russell says, he says there are people in favor of Isa
and and there are other people in favor of Pantoja, a
war of causes will come in zero point
I think that the division between the sides has already
existed since the ISAP interview
the other day. No man, it's that
on television, given that things have been
quite weak lately with this, what they
intend is to divide and conquer, in other
words, divide the audience a little, which is
good because we are talking about a matter
of the heart, it is not a transcendental issue and to
divide a little so that people take a
position as mother or daughter, I think that is a
little bit what would happen in real life, no. Or
what people can feel more
identified with, mother or daughter, well each one of us
has, I have my
mixed feelings because on the one hand I believe
many of the things that the daughter says
what Isabel Pantoja has done I
believe it okay but of course on the other hand those
children those children have squeezed
the mother and have started selling the
mother in a way man that their mother
a yes Well of course Yes yes of course but
Then we We wouldn't have we can't
be cynical without those people
coming to television dishes We wouldn't
have content without Rocío
Carrasco having made a documentary we would
n't have been able to talk about everything
we've talked about without Antonio David having been in
such and such without so-and-so having been in such and
such you know what I
want to tell you Of course you go to dish for
money of course ragel boyo it was it was for
money says Isabel Pantojas the coscu of the
last century I'm laughing
no well let's see she's a woman who of
course this this episode could be
true eh everything she's done to her
daughter surely a lot of it is true
with nuances or not even in
jail even in jail for yes she steals
money not of money peak But you know the
difference Isabel Pantoja we're talking
about her and at least she's a woman she's
a person that we can save and
that has a brutal artistic talent
that is eh  eh sing Eh there are other
people who well Well in fact she is one of
the few that we have left because they all
leave everyone is leaving little by little and
tomorrow well we will talk about
María Pombo here Understand me How sad Do you
know why is that Hey but María
Pombo María Pombo is with Vito Kiles or
not Look when I saw when I
saw the photo that she also had to
remove it because I think that the rep
said to her pretty this does not benefit you man
it does not benefit you even if they are of the
same ideological persuasion you know it was like
eh And he removed it removed it removed eh But
how is she going to be with Vito Kiles because H
man Pablo Castellano we know that
their relationship is not exactly eh the
truth told is no longer no longer
where have you seen it she is no longer with
her partner no where have you where have you
seen it that she has said the
last thing that I have seen because it is that now
really now you have to see it by
nose is that eh their relationship apparently
is not obviously idyllic and it has its
things that I  I have my thoughts
but here you can't say my
thoughts here you couldn't say no
eh
no say it damn you pay for it no because we don't have we don't
have a budget we're
like the manufacturers
tell me less less less that we can't
say that anymore no but but I would swear that there is no there's
no official confirmation that they're
not there no I think they continue I think they continue
but they continue because by fact
yes no no I think they continue
Because also of course at a level at a
level or rather it's very profitable for that
couple economically I'm just
lazy or rather I see Also because if you
tell me that you have charisma Or you have
something to contribute Like for example Marina
yers to me Marina yers Marina yers is the one
who stops stops is the one who studied law
no That rivers that s Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
Marina rivers I was
wrong rivers Marina smokes
joints and gets purple from huasc no I didn't
mean Marina rivers at least
I've heard her totally and okay but it's that
this girl that I had to see
for work her seasons of and I said
my God but yes also I recognize
that she doesn't know how to speak in public I say  a
minimum of oratory a minimum of some
n plane they say in the chat Marina River
studied law and marina studied tory
you found it funny eh the jokes of Look
at dasas he doesn't like anything but
because I think Dallas let's see nobody
what we're going to say is going to like
nobody I think nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody
no well to me [ __ ]
but she has a couple of degrees she has a
couple let's see the girl makes a living
compared to the rest I mean I see the
rest of This new generation is not one it
's not a [ __ ] thing in life no no no no no no
at least she has something
to contribute I've heard it a few
times and I say it seems to me between quotes
coherent moderately intelligent
Compared to others that I see that or on
tiktok this more tiktok makes me seem
horrible And the thing is that I will never
understand that social network I have it and I don't
use it and sometimes I see it and I say but this What is it I mean it seems so I think it's
pathetic in general eh I mean to
distract myself for a while And such But I say but
these people What do they do and earn money  for for
for moving your face like that for no I
'm really either older or it's escaping me I'm
really telling you eh Honestly but
come on
eh No how how did we go from
commenting on
Marina River's hair it's already
hard you just said on this program
that you
tried scissors to the chest for you
have reported that t
for
her putting things in my mouth that I have not
said it's enough of putting things in my mouth
[Music]
Well Luis Ryan actually continues to be
like a very big defender not of the panto look at
me I understand that in his day he was a friend
but because Luis Royana is the typical
person and I have also worked with him
eh No I don't have anything against him or
anything but I believe that in life you ca
n't be friends with everyone and
in fact he is at the time well they
came out in a salvo they told me that he
had sold out to I don't know who because you ca
n't look good or get along
with everyone for me it's a
huge mistake so with Isabel Pantoja I think it
didn't end very well either But he continues
to defend her publicly he is always the
accused Well the same  that well I don't know type
Chelo García Cortés but I think
Luis Royan in a slightly more
exaggerated version of being a bit of the the
palmero not a bit of Isabel Pantoja and he's
always going to go in favor of Isabel
always or rather in the end it's always a
bit of his role on television no but but
but I don't know eh in fact he's one of
Emma's favorites always wherever
Emma is he's going to be he knew it until he
meets
me not because you are No because you're
a clear guy you say what you think
Then no you don't have a place I don't have a place no no
no man but I would be
controversial that's why you don't have a place mm
Hey well the dominguillo wouldn't be bad for me
eh the dominguillo Hey you win
or rather you no they don't compensate you listen to me at no
level it's that Teaga they're not
going to pay you even the train you want to pay it
you're not going to pay me even the train that's how
things are on
TV being false Teleso well my goodness well
my goodness Well then we better
bring Kiko Rivera over here better better than
by the way in the end the other
day we didn't comment on something that we
left in the inkwell do you remember that you
told me on WhatsApp that Kiko Rivera did
congratulate his sister in an Instagram story come
on no it didn't work that's just
a fantasy he says imagine the level
of collaborator that Ana Luque has Oh she
has the brains of an asparagus How
bad eh but no I still remember
when she wrote to me all indignant
once I really am why was it why was it
Ana Luca got mad at us
no m at me the last time she saw me she
didn't greet me and it was where it
was at the door of the funeral home
When Anabel Pantoja's father didn't
greet me and ba she mu mu like that Well yes he
greeted me I don't remember Well look at the
rep he takes Because here it
's through rep he follows me look at me if he
follows me on Instagram I don't know if he still follows me
because she got mad because it's
clear we said that she sold Olga
no I mean but the truth was  a little
stab to Olga No, of course I
think I got out like we talked or told something
we told or something with eh I don't know what it was
but come on, she wrote to me and Evely
the two of you who are you do you know me from
somewhere I don't know what I'm saying I'm not saying You have come
out eh publicly or
was you as a defender I don't think the two or on such a side I say I'm talking I'm giving my opinion I'm telling what I see well well well well I say my goodness what would happen eh what would happen eh No, we didn't find out we never knew or rather suddenly We saw a yeah that aal we saw her in
readings and she also said something bad about
Olga that she hadn't supported her that no and
that she had Yes yes yes then we have been
seeing her eh with Jorge getting along
great with all that stuff and
collaborating on tele5 and Evely I don't know It's
obvious that Olga fought with those
friends but I don't know I think it's that maybe
they weren't such good
friends of Olga but that they wanted to be
girls and
that has been very clear No but yes  let's see no
a little yes like that
no when I was in Malaga when I
was in Malaga with them I
really liked them both eh I mean they were
both nice and all that but
eh they were like very interested in
the world of YouTube like they were like
Hey but you
eh I don't know I don't remember but like they
were very you know they wanted me to
make videos with her and stuff like that I
think it was going along those lines Look
there it is sese sese a kiss beautiful how
are you I think that no betrayal will surpass that
of Antonio
David Well Antonio David has not been
betrayal I wouldn't say that it was the
word if you are referring to
my thing disappointment maybe not marina I have to
say one thing a lot is
writing in the chat but in contributes
Because if you want us to tell, to
show the audios we have to reach
the objective and there are 13 of 20 Dallas
stretch out with love It's true betrayal
I wouldn't say it was betrayal because he hasn't
betrayed me as such I mean for me
betrayal is something else betrayal would be
clear to a close person a
person that you love or a person that
aunts more expectations of course the first thing
is that betrayal has to be from a
closer person and that they do something with
a person contrary to you you know
or that they stab you or that they
sell you something not that they know something about you they
tell it More like a disappointment because yes
maybe they were another type of person
for me but I also have to say one
thing eh that once I'm not going to tell you
right now Maybe at some point I'll
tell it in detail a kiss my monce
gorgeous Hey you're missing seven super chats
that the gang sent so that Dallas the one
from Dallas has already said Dallas can
send seven super chats if he wants
then you arrive
eh from
099 they don't count I think they have to be
no for it to count they have to be
higher I think I have no idea that he however
before the
distancing with him happened to me and the fight with him there
was some help that he offered me He
called me one morning to help me with an
issue that he told me Javi let's both do a
live show together And we're going to clear this up
once and for all and make it clear What happened and
at that moment I didn't want to get involved
that aleo the truth is I don't know why
because I regret it I should have
done it and that
live show would have gone down in history the truth And there
yes the truth if I went back I would
accept That that hand that he extended to me that
live show that he wanted to do with me
clarifying some things The truth But
then it is true that he sessioned me
about the issue of his friendship with Lolly this
nonsense that he wrote to me with the
title no a couple of things there that I don't that I did
n't
like what you think since we have
said it 200 times about what eh is that
making a general summary in a
minute is complicated no but well
eh phew look I am usually one to crack up and
talk eh but it's that I wouldn't know How I wouldn't
know How to summarize it well Right now
Okay but no it wouldn't be the word
betrayal right as Dallas says
betrayal wouldn't be it is disappointment Yes
even The disappointment I want to tell you
Understand me right now for example
We are fine and tomorrow I see something that
throws me off yours brutally and I would say What a
disappointment But I do have betrayal yes there is
betrayal How little spiteful I am he put
a strike on me damn what are we talking about if there is
betrayal he put a strike on me but you
consider it betrayal but betrayal
Why betrayal was he your friend but it's that of
course It depends or rather but I
consider it betrayal from someone who I have a
affection an attachment a minimum of some
Union of something good and a disappointment
also in part but of course putting a
strike on a person who has helped you
win a lawsuit because you were unfairly fired from your
job and also this
person has taught you a new job
which is YouTube no I mean wanting to
want to throw a strike on him that he put it on me
not a strike well he wanted to put several
What a shame that it is not known who else he
wanted to put a strike on because he wanted to
put a strike on him and I cannot say
because I am a very defiant person and
the things they tell me in Prado I do not
say but he wanted to not only
put my ex on me he wanted to put it on a
few of the youtubers with whom he
gets along well and what happens is that
the strikes did not work they did not accept the
strikes I have already said that  One thing no no yes
one thing is the story
and the issue of Rocío Carrasco's dismissal
that evidently remains
the same because that's how it is and another thing is
as a person no, for me she has left
a lot to be desired a lot a lot
and there are things that for reasons but you don't throw the
stone and hide your hand not for
elegance or simply because Well because it's
not relevant then they remain
where they remain and and they are beyond what we have
seen and in your case what you
are exposing publicly eh have been
seen No but well look at you
we return to the comparison of Isabel
Pantoja the fact that a person has
suffered or certain injustices or or has had a
bad time because of certain things or or or
whatever as has been this case does not
imply that it is wonderful that everything is
done well that it is necessary to say or my love or
my love and that it does not stop at all at
all or is for nothing But there are people
who I believe do not differentiate
eh No no well people do not differentiate they do not that is why
fanaticism no and for this reason
fan club that I believe is rather
negative and toxic is toxic
absolutely cannot  dialogue is not
possible they do not do any kind of
self-criticism and well anyway what are we
going to do no but of
course the problem is that
the problem is that Rocío Carrasco
uh focused the documentary on
gender violence and I will never agree
that that is gender violence okay
if she had focused it on uh Hey well
many other bad things that
Antonio David could have done maybe today we would
see the documentary with different eyes and it would have
less support uh anyway I have
thought but look if Carlota corredera
But wrongly she said the problem has
been that what happens is that of course she already
took it to her own ground she said the
problem has been that this has been
focused on as a matter of the heart and
when it should have been not the other way around it's that of
course it should have been
focused on as a matter of the other way around you know it should have been
focused on as a matter
of the heart without using and those songs and
and bringing in the government bringing in
Montero on Skype which I also have
her Skype address let's see if she comes in
here one day
please collaborator of you're welcome Everything is
true When did it all start it's a
lie Everything is a lie emp  Everything lies
starts this week starts tomorrow
starts tomorrow starts tomorrow on the
r show we're going to give it Yes, of course Yes,
the truth No, man, anything else, no, beautiful, it doesn't
count, it's not counting the objectives, it's that I do
n't know why people are giving
super chat, they're not counting the
objectives Hey, it's true that we've been for
nothing It's true, nothing It's true, I
told Rito's show, my porito, who
by the way, just confirmed this
weekend his new girlfriend, young, who's a
little bit Leonardo DiCaprio, no,
he waits Wait, wait, Javier urra, I'm going to write, Javier urra, tell him something, tell him something to risto mejide, Javier, you can go up, Javier urra, at this time I think he'll already be in bed because he's like sending forwards of his, uh, uh, participations in newspapers and on the radio like, Oh,
really, in anyway, a picture, but let's go,
yes, if what happened with Rocío Carrasco
had been focused in another way,
like a, uh Now I'll tell you my story,
now I'll answer you, all these years
on television, now without also bringing up the
subject of the daughter's children, the
sentence of the beating of me  the hij I
agree that she would have
followed me that we would have that the heart
would be more on the rise now that it hadn't
generated what about the what about the children is that it is that it
was like an attack on the
children I mean, what she wanted was to
justify that she doesn't talk to the
children, that she doesn't want to know anything about the
children, she did justify it and then
we introduce the ideology and like when the
people who are of this ideology are
going to agree with me on everything, well here I
put the thing about the children in the package you know
but if the if the documentary had been
an interview imagine three or
four weekends with Rocío Carrasco
putting her green giving her a stick Pin Pin
Pin but not gender violence is that
I think the gender violence thing
was even ridiculous to report it
criminally because that had no
criminal course at any time shame because the
people who really suffer this type of
thing is that for me it is a disservice
then well it doesn't matter and also I
remember at that moment that anyone
who questioned those of us who questioned
this specific case automatically
you are misogynists you are buah How horrible
How were the networks because they made a
noise it was noise  eh Because because Claro
had already tried to convince us
through a loudspeaker on Tele5 of a
documentary but instead of gender violence,
the H would have sold it as a guy who is a
bit cheeky, not a toxic guy,
well 2 25 years old this guy won't let go of my
arm this guy, damn, now on YouTube the
guy is last week he uploaded a
video of Rosito about what it was about, yeah, it came out
Oh I don't remember where they mentioned it because I do
n't know every time he's on Rosito on a
program about the cupcakes about I don't know what, I do
n't know, in everything he releases a video and like
I let go of my arm yes yes yes yes Yes, that's why I
tell you that I think it's been
25 years of yes it's true that
Antonio David is the one who has had much
more media presence during all
these years and the loudspeaker to say whatever he wanted
Because both the
television factory and other
production companies have given it to him and taken it
away, it has been the production companies that have taken
it away from Rocío Carrasco that
same production company that mistreated
Rocío in the media  Carrasco is the
same one who opened the doors for him when he
interested her eh and then give it to
Antonio David if in the end it is the
producers themselves who have done what
they wanted Look, Dallas says what Pau says,
Pau, let Dallas tell us what's
going on with Antonia, he's never liked her from
the beginning, he doesn't like her, I mean d I think he's
never said anything to her because Antonio Vi
gets along with me Anio David I also haven't
seen this duo coming, I mean this yes yes yes no
no but I I think he's never
talked about the subject and such because he
got along well with me Antony Aviel no but
no he's never entered into it he's never
entered into it aer everything Yes, let's see and and it's what
you say that time passes and that well
yes it's true that on YouTube
eh The superchats are no longer counting
man, the mother's isito is born not made
adopted children are the same as
biological ones all just to say hello I have a
busy night Tinker Bell a kiss
Tinker Bell Marina I think that I think
that whenever you want before seeing Kico
Rivera you can tell your your  moved because that's because
in the superchat they are not
counting and I think it's because they have
stopped counting so it is
broken the batteries run out
and how it breaks down Marina you are very
calcina you have no other topic to
talk about asela I how how so eh Wait wait Wait wait
aela your name is aela
Well if your name is aela How long has it been since we
talked about this topic about these topics
if we never talk about these topics anymore but
You realize that he can talk about
Rosito in December 2024 but
we can't suddenly the
topic came up to say that Hey it's not a
bad topic and I'll tell you one thing Look if we are
and it's wrong to say it about oneself Jer but
Francos in that sense that both of us
also more or less agree on this
opinion and we come down on each other on the one hand
those of Antonio David and those of Rocío
Carrasco I mean if we were
smarter more practical or one would
follow a
trend Yes really yes I mean because it's
like not one I mean there are people
who say Well I follow this trend I follow
this and  I assure those on one side those on the
other here on both sides So I don't
care, you know, but
what I want to tell you is if you want,
send me an audio with what
people are asking me, Dallas is
telling the time he wanted Risti
Mejide to freak out, he wanted to hit him, the one who
sends us an audio if he wants, if he wants to
tell the Lordship, send us an
audio Marina says tesa that there are two missing
for the 20 I'm laughing tesa accounted for
Ah okay, well there are two missing family that if
people knew I say this very
seriously eh And this could be a piece of
exclusive but there are times when I tell
the exclusives and there are times when I don't because it
depends on the
eh context in which they tell me For
example, you have told me things,
imagine and no, no Ah exclusive Marina
has told me this but if people
knew If people knew who else she
tried to hit, they would make a huge
mess, they would go green p
send it to me on WhatsApp I swear that I'm only
going to put one face, one face, just the
face people who no people who don't get along
with me also eh youtubers who are
those who don't get along with me eh
just worth my face Eh my face let's see
and I'm very expressive eh Let's see
Look
lie If it doesn't have any lie it can't
be it can't be how it
looks on you it doesn't make any sense Oh my God cloth cloth
eh And that's true eh And that's true
But he's never going to say it he's never going to
say it he tried to put the strikes But
he's never going to say it but
several people know it I don't think I'll ever
get out of there but it reaches me me me me
that it reaches me
okay wait what are you going to tell Yeah
come on there's two left but if you want we'll
tell it but no but dasas but Dallas
said that he's not going to send the audio
telling what happened to Christ now I'm left
with the intrigue because he is going to send it he is
going to send it But you can tell it
while let's see I'm going eh give me a
second second two
three
four I'm listening to you
eh but you think I can talk
with that
there
my mother is that imagine the bald one is that
like  he's not going to have that hair,
imagine he's bald,
eh, he can't send audios, but
anyway, how strong, let's see, but where has
Javi gone? Well, the truth is, we don't need
Javi to continue with the program, let's
see. We
still have people ahead of us, don't go
to bed, come on, if you don't like me, I'm not
going to leave here. I'm really sorry and I
'm not arrogant at all, I may seem like it, but you do
n't know me. I'm really not,
but if you don't like it, you can go, it's
not a problem, eh, there are more channels and on
TV, I don't know what they're showing. Oh, on
TV, I think it's the Big Brother debate, I don't know
what they're showing. I don't know what they're showing.
eem. Hey, but how come there are more channels, there's no more channels, only
this one is there, no no no no, it's not there, but no no no,
man, it's there,
eh. There are knitting channels for sewing,
there are channels, seen on Coti, no no, from the
heart, no no no, from the heart. No no,
just gossip, this channel exists,
okay, I thought you were going to tell it,
okay, come on, I'm going to tell it. Oh, he wanted me to be
there, yes, he wanted you to be there.
despite despite the fact that we haven't reached
2000 members But I'm going to tell it
but when we get there it will be your turn to tell
your things one of your intimate and personal things
why why Because we talked about it the other
day and you accepted the challenge we said
when we reach 2000 when we reach
2 members Look at that when we reach
2000 members one of the two we both
have I can't think of anything Of course that
isn't sexual I can't think of
anything well I would think of things
man Javi let's see of course but because you of
course keep a lot of secrets I
tell everything of
course I can't suddenly pull a secret out of my sleeve I can make it up it's not a secret it's not a secret it's something that happened today and I said it's nice I feel like telling it Tell me Well look today you see you see today I was on Twitter and suddenly
I see Bravo family I have to look
How many members are we eh I think
the kids are giving you a rundown
of your life because the kids
are Marina my case that gossip we are the
best  the best that I am the best
but I inform you that there are 152 members
here 152 members there are here but if the
other day there were more it can't be man
Of course but of course that fulfills I don't know what Eh
La La La The thing is that in the youth sector I have to
look at it later because of course I have not been for a
few days but
in the youth sector they were approaching
3000 No well we have to reach 2000 and
Javi tells When How much how much was your
first salary they are asking you Here the
people Well ask then you
will have to answer my first salary
no no no these
are questions that you will have to answer
when we reach 2000 members
like that type you know like the bronc Ah I
F I was telling it I was going to tell it for
free how humble I am eh no
eh worth 10 pesetas and two duros
Yeah okay let's see come on I'm going to tell it okay
Well it turns out that today I was on Twitter and
I see that three or four follow me and I see
one and I
see Federico I don't know if he is here and I see
Federico esnal  Yeah, yeah, no, I'm not going to stay
like that, I say Federico
snal, but you have to listen to me even if
you're on your phone, eh? No, no, it's that I have to post, it's that
I have to post a
tweet because they've rigged the
squid game. Post your tweet. Post while you're
telling it, I'm going to rig it in. The
squid games eliminate differ in
the spelling test for saying B to
the v in the word washing machine after
ufon the instructions said it
was allowed for
announcing, okay. Yes, yes, I'm listening to you
and mine that I'm putting the TT. Don't think I do
n't,
eh, francoa sent me an audio.
Tell me no, no, I'll wait to
see. I'll help you with the
tweet, always
ras and with your everything. No, no, t continue t continue. Tell me, tell me
no, I didn't give the Marinas
dance, no, you're freaking out. No, no, I don't
dance terribly, I mean, my thing is more singing,
you know, no, not dancing. I'm not going to wait for you, you
're going to take a long time with the
tweet. No, no, no, I'm
really listening to you, okay, later.  let's
ask Javi to see if he
found out
okay okay well I'll tell the people
in the chat the interns are yes it's what
mencha says a kiss mencha that's how
they are no then he'll want then he'll want a
contract well eh it turns out I'm on
Twitter and I see that Federico esnal is still there and I
say esnal I say I could swear he's the
first one that's asked like me beyond
my family my grandmother my uncles
my mother and such that he asked like that I
say how and I write him a dm and I say
hi have you followed me I say You and I might not
be family or so it's the first thing I say I say
because I say It can't be I mean
but he's followed you and just for
following you you've already opened up to him saying
Hey you have my last name eh listen to me snal
really look for it I mean there's no one I mean it's that there's no it's
a
last name eh I don't really like it
but Obviously obviously it represents me
because of what it means to me but I
mean it's As if you had copyright
on the last name you're going to ruin something
beautiful copyright  no but it's a
surname that you don't have no that my
surname is my family that surname that surname that surname that surname
Yes, so it's
bad that your name is not Rodriguez,
beautiful Cab that a Rodriguez is following you p
Hey, do you have my surname, let's see the ID? You
've already cut it off, you don't want to
tell it anymore? Well, are you your
relative? Can I talk? Come on, while you
put another tweet with the
squid games? Well, uh, the conclusion, uh,
we're talking and such and Talking Talking Talking Well,
my grandmother was
freaking out, not with this because of course I
later called my grandmother and we ended up
talking for a while, she says to me, eh Because
I, I mean, the esnal part, they live,
eh, I mean, my great-grandfather, who I knew, I
mean, he died when he was 98 years old and I knew him
until I was about seven
and they lived in Carreña in Asturias and he
starts talking to me and I don't know what he says, I don't
know what, I don't know what, uh, I was living in, I do
n't know where, maybe now I live in Gijón
but I've always been in Carreña, no and I
say how and he tells me Carreña which is a
town and I say how do I say what are you
telling me  I say honey I say there it is he
tells me I'm the son of I don't know who I'm the son of
so and so and so and I say it can't be or so the
conclusion is that after talking for
a while we exchange WhatsApp messages he starts
sending me photos I send them to my grandmother
yes it is Federico I don't know what the son of
Guillermo so and so it turns out that it is that it is no no that he
is my second uncle I mean my second uncle I
mean no no I'm stiff I mean but
stiff but let's see wait for me to
clarify a second uncle because that's already
very far away second uncle no no it's that
we have a date and of course also on
Tuesday morning I'm going to
Asturias he lives in Gijón now that he's
half an hour away and I think I'm going to see him I mean it's to
see the circus eh it's that I haven't
found out yet because tomorrow
we have a date to talk on the phone
my grandmother and I say we eat together and this
guy So yes he was here on the
program of course he was here he
commented at the beginning that's why I
said it and it's like because we exchanged
WhatsApp messages and I said Look so you can
see me in action because he has also
worked on things like this now  he's a
chef and such and also when he
sent me a photo and such and he says wow uncle
salus and aunt Conchita I'm telling you clearly if they
are my great-grandparents you know that my
great-grandmother died at 101 years old I was 12
years old one year yes yes and divine and no no but
spectacular you don't believe what you see it was
n't a was was me I had reach I feel like
100 I want to reach at least
well I don't know but well the thing is that it
's heav he's telling me I say of
course I say the nanny I say or I mean I say it can't be it's
clear that's why I'm that
I was like a sign and I say this is not a
coincidence Or rather at this moment it's like and we've talked by chance c copyright snal is my cousin he's my cousin one of the best roscos from the snal pastry shop Der rani guipuzcoa Yes there is one is that he has asked me there are people like that in the Basque country where someone
has it yes
esnal hernani guipuzcoa go It's next
door damn [ __ ] well how heavy how heavy Well that's what
happened to me and it turns out that  it's
like my second cousin he's like the same age as
my mother and he's the son Ah it's
a mess to explain here it's a
holy mess conclusion that we're going to
see each other and we're going to stay and such And it's been
like everything like very Twitter-like
when I saw Fed snal Federico snal I said
but this is a joke let's see Here no here we don't
pay like on Friday but e
but it's very nice really to be part of
telesalseo both us and the
community like everything right how many
reunions have you had through telesalseo
reunions family reunions
friendships hookups
eh I'm asking you let's
see deep friendships as
usual no but people that I've met
like or rather like alne like Of course yes you've
met with Claro several times you already know
why and you were there is mine I was
one of them right no no no And yes yes let's
see yes I mean yes yes it does give very
nice things and look that there have been some nights that were
a bit complicated eh there was when that
thing with Marta that we had there with like
15000 spectators I said Javi  I hate you for
how you baited him that I had a bad time say
when is there going to be another complicated night like
that we would have to have a complicated night
probably
probably one day I will have a complicated night
and I Li here I get naked and I
Lio hit here poll and you're going to dance Hey
but anyway let's see Hey we're going to see Kiko
Rivera no also I'm telling you no that Kiko
Rivera has thrown a cape to the
well not a cape but he has
extended his hand to his sister eh okay
but after this come the
audios after this come the audios
right no no it's not that the audios the people
no no the real people I'm telling you eh
how heavy is the [ __ ] audios you eh
Dallas wants to ask you something And he
says that you're diverting the question
answer the
question
eh flirt Ah to my question of course Yes yes yes yes yes yes
Pau pau that's
done there have been many couples eh
also eh I'm telling you Yes I know I know I know you
flirt no I mean there was one but no no no it didn't
end I mean it ended no without more  puo yes you already
know it here but no no no no it
wasn't a flirt, I didn't flirt, that's it, it's a
flirt, no I mean, Galicia is beautiful, Galicia,
be
careful, be careful
and my goodness, my goodness I'm going to tell it
here with you because I really like it,
well, I
eh When all this problem with my
sister started when I gave an
interview
in which I said that I slapped her
for x, I don't want to repeat it again, okay
because I understand that it makes her feel
bad, I understand that I was wrong, I understand, I understand, I understand that it will make
her
feel bad eh I understand that it will make her feel bad eh there
was a moment when I
slapped my sister I understand
that it will make her feel bad, you know, but
well, strange moment, I didn't
mean to say that And I went to apologize,
apologies that were not
accepted, not once but several times,
even in one of the programs that I
went to on Tele5,
eh it happened that my sister was there, I
went to apologize publicly and
she closed the car door and no, she didn't
let me in and well,
my apologies were not accepted, no Oh see  so I give up I'm sorry
maybe I'm wrong
but I gave up I
gave up and I never spoke about
anything again it was when at that moment I decided
that I didn't want to hear anything more about the
[ __ ] heart that I was going to
dedicate myself to my peace of mind and to my
family my job
is it wasn't the [ __ ] heart that decided
to do without it true it's gone clear I
love it because that list of the
13 banned and don't see what fell
on me I mean because of course the
list of those banned was exclusively yours
Eh yes I remember the reason but what
fell on me because that transcended
to me Of course you being in a newspaper
that belongs to the Planeta group which in the
end goes with Antena 3 you are giving I
mean they called from well well that was
a mess that news but
Monumental because that implied
a remodeling of the contents of an
entire network and it was like from above
they called like eh last time no and it's
like you see the media can never
be free Well it's nothing new
that no but come on anyway but  how heavy that he
says he didn't want to know anything Oh your
Casio Javi every night the same at
12 playing What a bore
good It gives me Laziness to change it I have to
do it the
music of course now my sister comes out
talking telling her problems her things
Look, no no no I don't wish bad on
her at all look I think besides that what if
she
eh I would like things to be fixed
Well maybe after
some time has passed in which
nothing has been talked about again in which I haven't gotten involved
in anything you know If she wants to fix
things because she says she wants to
fix things I've already done it already no
that maybe it's not the it's not the
right way I don't understand that you can be
wrong but what she said is
super strong super strong I receive I get
nervous man Because because I have
received very ugly comments very ugly
I honestly don't even know what she said
because I haven't seen very ugly Well you'll
see you'll see but of
course [ __ ] but
the husband also came out
Ah her husband of my sister Yeah brother-in-law of
course and he knows about your  has come out
attacking too then
damn it could be that here they also come into
play a little bit of the economy of what you
were talking about I don't think so
man because they pay me a good fee and let's
see that is always important not to say
eh the wallet is always
important
but I don't think it is necessary If it is
in my mouth Holy Easter dec
I am a pack mule Give me blows that
I will endure Give me blows that I
will endure I am the Ilia Topuria
of I love Ilia Topuria my god
But I have nothing against my
sister in fact I would like that
in the not too distant future we could
sit down and talk and settle our
differences at least so that from
now on we both do not make the
mistake of making it public since it
stays between us that I go
to your house that you come to your house that
the children see each other I would like I would like I
know that right now it is very
difficult very difficult but I extend my
hand I extend my hand if it happens then
Cool if it doesn't happen Well also Cool I
mean no no nothing happens  Life goes on,
you are available and open for that to
happen, but to a certain extent, it
seems fine to me that you are not going to
crawl. Not for nothing, but because
psychologically speaking, I am not going to
look for it, okay. No, I don't want this uh,
people to misunderstand it later. I am not going
to look for it, but if it comes, I will lend a
hand, okay. Of course, if it comes, I will lend a
hand. It's that I don't have, I don't feel like
looking for it either, damn it. I'm
going to say one thing. That
also, I'm sorry, but I feel like this.
I'm a better person since I've been
away from the
Pantoja family. Watch out, watch out, eh, with this perp. What I do
n't understand is why and what
promotion has said that this has 10,000
visits when it could have come point
number one: Kiko Rivera here on telesalseo
point number
two: I would put the Setup like this ugly, all
full of icons of ia, yes, yes, it will
promote us too, so IKEA,
we are here and
Hello, I'll tell you one thing, eh, Look, I think
Coco Rivera we consider a
person with limited abilities and I
'm not so sure, you  I'll explain why I
think he told this here one
because Chuso and this girl who I don't
know the presenter have no
idea in their hearts and they are not going to question him
at all, in other words, he
told it there knowing that the
presenters have not even seen the program
nor know what Kiko is talking about
Beyond what they may know about him
not talking to his mother, about him not
talking to his mother, anyway, of course So
he has been free to tell it and he knows that
the others are going to tell him, well, Okay,
very good, well, hey, well, they are going to
feel a little bit of, Eh, Okay, great, well,
Arre, well, Hey, that's great. Well,
finally, then, eh, one,
yes, it is true that he has given
promotion to Chuso's podcast that I
think Real is whiter but
now it is going to be a little muddy with
Kiko's presence, the truth is because it is going to be
criticized but I did not know
Chuso's podcast, look, I see it, he knows it, he does
not know, sometimes I see it but I
knew this, I just found out  that's why that's why I'm
telling you eh but yes it
's true that it's what Carmen says
IKEA with just I was thinking about it with
the gossip press I don't know I don't know
and I don't know and with this heart like that I find
two things funny about Kiko Rivera
when he said that the heart eh
As if he wanted to remove the heart
from the middle that it was the other way around they
closed it to him eh look now he seems
a little more conciliatory eh with his
sister but evidently if they
called him since Friday or from some
television program where he knows he
can earn 20 or 30,000 euros
he's going to do it right now he lives off his gigs
because the truth and this is totally
true is that with his songs that he
is not a singer because he is not a singer
but he does have songs that are
catchy and that all or almost all of us don't
know and that with Two glasses for whoever
drinks or three cokes they go and
dance to them because I know them I know yes yes yes yes
the songs are very good It's
true there are many  youtubers who
hire him for their weddings, I mean, Willy re, I do
n't know if it was Willy Rey or stack any of
these, I mean, he takes it, let's go, but there are
several youtubers who take, I say for
the grace, for what, but they take and
hire Kiko Rivera for their wedding, eh, you have a
good time, man, if one thing
doesn't take away from the other and that the guy and that
guy lives off that and earns well What a better
person is since he is not related
to the heart issue Let's see, he's a little
cynical It may be It may be
true but it is true that he has
lived off that his whole life and thanks to
that he does what he does then
Eh, behaving like this with, I mean,
the hand that fed him is dying and
has fed him Let's put it green
that eye, I do not question things that he
said about his mother whether they are true or not
Because because I have seen what I have seen But I do not
understand this conciliatory attitude now
and that he says like he wants to keep it
private, I am very surprised by Kiko
Rivera how are the squid games
well,
eh they are in the final  perchita and Ah no
idea and layer carche pan I'm making it up I do
n't even know who they are perchita and I am pan
Sorry not yet It's confirmed they tell me
well I am pan I am pan I have no idea
who it is I am pan sounds good eh okay
but of course do it right not in a
fraudulent way there is tongu eh There is Tong there is
Tong of course it makes me very angry
because I really like the event
I would have loved to play if you hadn't been
banned on twit I would have played
But there is tongu there is tongu it's that
people have to find out that daughter of the
audios that we have that we can now
tell you who they are
no to finish to finish about
Kiko Rivera I do believe that it can happen
because it would happen to me that he wants to know
about his nephew no Or no Of course it is that he is his
nephew Of course because he complained that
his mother did not see his granddaughters and that he did
not call them So me Of course he
does the same with his nephews I don't
know if it is very coherent but yes of course me me me
ch then for having a nephew my
sister who does not wake up and no is not around
the labz peri that yes man that
after a wedding that yes that you'll see
that you'll see how man but [ __ ] I
'm crazy to have my nephew but
well they won't give them to me So I put myself
in their shoes and say man of course the other
day the bug bit him not when he put an
Instagram story that he also used
to promote his volumes
eh but man I think also in
part when you're repeating it
so many times because you're rubbing it in your
head
not totally totally but but yes
we'll see to see really Kiko
Rivera Now he doesn't care, I mean he
doesn't have a relationship with albertito who
is his nephew who is 10 years old I don't know
why he would change with this new
kid No, he doesn't have a good relationship with
asra either, I don't know, I don't know, I hope that in the end it's that
the children pay, not that she's the
oldest you see how I had spoken
but but anyway anyway I'm
freaking out with the audios that come out now
Javi you I don't know people are going to hallucinate
but with 100 likes I don't know what we can
do 100 like I don't know  if to put it there are
25 people here I don't know eh
members 20 members No man no,
the audios are yours you set a goal
Marina of Likes and members while
while you go on explaining what they are about Of
course because Well more than you go on
explaining what they are about you set the goal and
I'm going to give a little context with my
tweet from yesterday no Of course of course of course is
that I told you look let's see eh I think that
the goal should be 1300 likes for the
moment like 200 guys upload
Look 10000 10000 1400 likes like fingers
guys cousins ​​lovers friends
dogs no well dogs no eh
the audios are loud eh the audios are
loud the aud the audios are really heavy
really the audios are
heavy and I think that man at least
20 more quinces quinces quinces
more Yes because we
have reached the objective no 20 quinces Yes yes the
objective yes We have reached  don't separate the
counter but yes but 20 quinces okay
see Okay so while you give those
quinces and the likes yesterday I raised
this that it is that But this is true or
rather it is strong let's see It's that I
these are things that I do not understand
today and and and I see this man
everywhere I have nothing personal
against this man as such I don't give a damn I dislike him
obviously I dislike him he is
a guy that we have seen
constantly abusing women before I have given you
the example that he made
a video of Lisy calling her a [ __ ] to her face, I mean
without knowing her You're welcome to Olga to
many women, to many but
throughout history to many, I mean then
apart from that he seems to me to be a
very careful climber The guy goes around getting close
to whoever is like in fashion to suck up to him
and then yes he has to go
against because to screw him look at you how he
stuck to Dara on Big Brother and then it
was repulsive that I  I don't understand why
Dara has forgiven him because
now Dara is on friendly terms with him at
least that's what I've seen on social media like I don't
understand Dara that I was like you I
met her making a video
defending her and now she's on
friendly terms with him it's like man this
guy said disgusting things to Dara
okay or so rep he started
insulting her every [ __ ] day eh Marina to
try to get them to call him obviously from
the programs or those things he went to
interviews on other television channels he speaks
badly of her but he said disgusting things
about her physique the clothes she wore eh he
put a cockroach or I don't remember what
bug it was And he said Look at this bug to give
disgusting okay with Rocío Flores he sucked up to her
Look I'll give you
your grandmother's handkerchief I don't know what he put her in later
too Of course but he always plays in
favor of what he knows on television he
has to do therefore it is not no it is not
real he is a very good showman but I think he
hides an undertone that to me
as we have seen is that it seems to me and more
after what we're going to bring today and
not only today that I've spoken with
more people I've spoken with more people
and many more who are here but it's that
over time they have been or
they have been harmed in
some way by this person uh we
know what he has dedicated himself to what he
dedicates himself to then he has known how to
reinvent himself on television we have seen we have
followed his career the positive
and the negative as a showman it seems to me
that in reality he has played in favor
of the work and well but then he has had
many other things that is that I will
never be able to understand why
certain things are awarded and more now what we are going to
see tonight that I truly tell you that
to me and I hope that we understand the
audios well because he is a person who
speaks well is from Asturias and he is from a town he
speaks in a more closed way Well
the Asturian and that is
perfectly understood but well uh the La Movida
is that I do not understand because one thing is
entertainment and I understand that there is a
show here for example he came well not
here to t salseo but to the salsería he came
once  Not a psychic and he read cards and
such But it was entertainment not to
charge for it I don't know what but of course a
person who charges you a fortune who charges
people a fortune saying they can
see the future because there are people
who believe it I mean there are people but
there are people who cling there are people
who in vulnerable moments of their lives
are so bad that they don't know what to do that they
grab onto anything and
anything is this and it's so sad and it
makes you want to how is this not
prohibited How is it not prohibited of course I mean how is it
possible not only
that they've kept
these types of programs on TV for so long to
predict the future and the guy telling you that he
can maybe he can predict your
future by reading paper cards or
a crystal ball that he bought you
know how But how how is it possible and
charging people a fortune there
we saw a call from a lady
who was charged 800 for the time they
had her on the phone well then Javi what
's coming today people are really going to be amazed
because we're talking we're not
talking  of reading the future we're not even
talking about 800 and I really say it that it shows
in my head when I talk to that
person who was outraged me I say
this can't come out many years ago
creator save me this is this but years
later a person speaks again and it's
true that it is it's to
listen to it because I but but I don't
understand why he is given space or rather
Why this man who has become rich
from what he has done and has become
famous from what he has done why is he given
space why is he now taken
here to the Los 40 Principales event to
present nothing And why is he taken to
the cupcakes now that he is a
new contestant on
Spanish television of this program that was a type
of character from the reality TV factory
of of jijiji Haha that you
see them on social networks in quotes
that they are loved by people because
they are funny because ji J Haha Well now
for José Pablo López that we talked about the
other day and for the new entourage and for for
everything for all this that now now he does
have  There is room, he has
room, it's not to compare, much
less Albac Carrillo has room, Nagor
Robles, who we have already seen, has
room for all the people in the
Teletin universe, I want Well, now he has room and it is seen
a little, everything is seen in a positive way, it
is not like it seems to me, a heavy metal, it is
ideological, everything is like that Look, I heard
this yesterday on the subject of
Junior Eurovision, okay, Junior Euro, yeah, okay, I have not
heard the song but in any
case, intuition, you do not need to have
the knowledge, it is something that comes to you, it
is simply like that and I see something that
marks the number
four I say again, I hope I am wrong
and it is the one but I see something of the number
four, we take note. Thank you
very much, have a great time, thank you very much, thank you, I guess what you do.
Well, and evidently, as I think it is
not necessary for us to clarify,
this man does not predict the future or anything like that.
But come on, not in cards or
crystal balls or anything like
that,
okay. Yes, in total, but not only this, that
this, my goodness, it is something
that is not  transcendental which is good
but it's that in more serious things
like what we're going to hear now which
is that see it doesn't matter that we don't reach
1400 likes because it's hard to
listen to. I'm really
telling people that
HM we're talking about a person, I do
n't want to get ahead of myself because
I tell it in the audios eh we're
talking about the year 2015 eh about a person
who eh put direct deposit or rather but
absolutely all his trust in him and
that even his sister the sister of
this person
eh allied herself with him and let's go and and more
after telling what we're going to tell
now after this person from de
la María est is called the person who
speaks to us today eh from Asturias places all
her trust in the teacher Yoao she
is not well eh We're not going to reveal the
illness because she is not well she
places all her economic
emotional trust in him and in his sister her
sister allies herself with the teacher
Yoao and now we're not going to say or reveal
much more but 10 years later because of her
of the master Joao does not speak with
his sister either They continue not speaking
because of everything that we are going to hear
in the audios that seems
heavy to me I hope it is understood well eh
It is not because of the sound quality yes
but because of
her is that I put the first okay arm
So you see okay that it is Oh it gets stuck
that and I am getting a little yes I am
getting a little
stuck I don't know if it is going to be heard eh
but it is that it is creating
incompatibility for me He speaks bable speaks bable
Yes but I did not want to tell him anything
obviously now okay confirm that you can
hear me okay because I am a little
stuck I do not know why when I open them to
see I go to the mess eh How was it eh Like
simply by
knowing I
remember
horrible
but but it was through the line
that he had
right
yes and but And how did that
story end Well then nothing is nothing because
why were we going to
get into trouble if what was going to happen
was me already but you did not
report how you did not
report that no that I did not report yes I
ask you that  if you reported no No no ...
and that money and he doesn't have it and he didn't
have any remorse or any kind
of conscience to know that what he did was
obviously not right and that he
had to return that money, in other words, he
kept it. Yes, yes, I never spoke to him again, I
never spoke to him again and that's how
things stayed there, and you, and what happened to
that money, in other words, you've come back, eh, eh. I'm
not trying to report it, I don't know the approach
because he told me that there were more
people involved, right? Yes, yes, yes, there were
many more, yes, from Galicia, many,
okay, so it was something, it wasn't something
individual on his part but with more people, I don't
imagine, yes, yes, yes,
we stopped, eh, I mean, really, eh, it
was really hard for me because I didn't
understand it very well either and he told me, "take it out." And
of course, I sensed that it was healthy, no, I mean,
we're talking about a person who
had an illness that was recommended to him
and there are things that I haven't cut out, eh,
why do I say this? eh, about a person
who had an illness, eh, that then will
happen to us. Now he's going to tell us more things,
eh, that according to this person, always, according to this
person, eh  She tells us that through
her sister they contacted the master
yoao and the sister
em let's convince convince this
person to
uh Well that hire their services and
that with 30 thousand euros he
supposedly according to her was going to cure her
of that illness that we are not going to
reveal she did tell me uh
em but let's go and that uh she did not want to
report it because there were people
involved that it was not just an
individual thing for her but apparently he was
supposedly going to heal more people and
that uh the sister was also
involved like uh From his part uh
giving me to understand that maybe the
sister had also benefited
financially from that money and to
this day the sisters do not speak okay it
seems to me or I mean it seems a little
heavy evidently they are taking advantage of
a situation of vulnerability or
people who perhaps do not have uh a
high intellectual capacity uh people
more so to speak ignorant uh in a
situation of brutal vital crisis and that is
where these types of people
take advantage of that weakness no And this
lady where does she come from or I mean you  contact
yes eh it comes from my wonderful agenda is
where it comes from I mean
but you trust her I don't understand Yes of
course but because I think she spoke at the
time already on Sálvame years ago Ah
she spoke on Sálvame I think so let's
see how strong this guy is for a
gameover eh Yes the truth is that yes
strong no let's see I also didn't need I also didn't
need what this lady said
to know let's see this guy lived is what I'm
telling you this guy has lived saying
that he read people's future in crystal balls
eh Sálvame came out I think so
the testimony at the time Yes yes
because it was Yes I think so let's see
next audio I have them have you seen them you
see them in order don't you put them in
order well Well of course that's why I
ask you that after what you
have lived I don't know if you watch television but I
imagine that he has participated in
many formats because Well yes it is
true that as a showman he is quite
good but after this history that he
has they are giving him recognition
and they are giving him awards Eh Eh Eh
giving a space in music stations
giving out very important awards in the
music scene on
television programs eh quite white and that
now your image is wonderful I don't know what you
think no well what am I going to give my
opinion because it makes my
stomach turn and I'm leaving the program now and have
you been able to continue with your
normal life or has this caused you some
kind of Beyond on an economic level
because you're talking to me about
30,000 which is a very high amount
very high very high but I was so so so
bad so bad so bad
what I wanted was not to die because I was I was
47 kg and I was more
like a corpse since a person
I was very bad and what I wanted was to
get out of there from I mean from the
evil but the evil the evil was also what
my
sister did to me because
ah what he did to his sister no
uh between the two of us Ah
Ah okay okay okay okay I understand now I understand
and this person I understand that at
that moment he disappeared no there was
no contact you didn't claim anything from him
later I didn't claim anything or speak
to
him again  he didn't call me he didn't call me nor did I claim
anything nor did he claim anything well to
call already H
a money for something that you know you're not going to
do and you have, I mean you have the
nerve to disappear, to not give
any sign and to continue with your life
as if nothing, I wouldn't do it eh I mean he's
understanding me No, that, that, that was
horrible Also at that time I wasn't, I wasn't
feeling well, I was feeling very bad,
very bad and well I was already going, already, already,
a friend of my sister told me,
she told me that he told me to
report him that he supported me but I
say this or and I support or not and I support maybe
and to hurt me more, already, already,
already then I didn't trust, I didn't even
trust myself anymore But well,
thank God I'm here How good that it
wasn't and it wasn't anyone how good he was, the
man that I believe how
good and my mother who is upstairs And if I
told How good And if I told but
but really yes, let's see eh It's not worth it
either, not even in the least, to get into
trouble simply because it's also giving
visibility to the fact that not everything  that we see
on television is so wonderful and
sometimes we also have to pull out a joke and
remember where we all come from no and more
people because we all make mistakes
and everyone and I am the first and everyone but one
thing is one thing and another thing is talking
about quite serious things and about people who have been
left
behind and more than that have been
left behind the practices of this person no
So I don't understand for now He is
loved so much no I ca
n't understand it I don't want him of
course haen to me don't speak well of him to me
because I can't speak well of him
ma'am of course that's why I mean the
people I mean on television on
television he is a loved person Of course
very loved and very good the most already
and what not and what I don't believe what I didn't
believe that what was what what is
clear a kiss witch Thank you very much
queen there is an audio missing No yes
short how heavy Look before putting the
fourth audio I also want to put this
news on screen in which Kiko
Hernández Reveals the amount that the
teacher yoao charges for his
evidence service eh I mean
eh careful eh this is Chela Eh  This is
cool ima
and we're talking about what the guy charges or
charged or has been charging I don't know
right now I had a store that I was in they
sent me to do a report he
gave me a stone and yes it's true that
the next day they called me to
work in a better newspaper than the one I
was in I mean but come on no I don't believe
in that stuff The truth but yes yes yes
how much 19200 euros a month was earned
only from
telephone consultations let's listen let's
finish listening to the
lady also I'm going to say one thing he
came to my house
and came he went to his own house Yes Asturias yes
yes he
came to Asturias to my house but he he
what did he tell her what did he promise her Exactly Well
then get me ahead and heal
and that nothing was going to happen he
had on
top of him already already already already already oh my goodness
because I because there was a lot of witchcraft there was a
lot of witchcraft in I have a
house that witchcraft was done to me at
home my sister did
criminal things I nothing And that I was and in the
town  when the house in the town where
my father still lived there there were the
scissors open the knife half taken
aprons from the clothesline but his
aprons didn't go to the clothesline
because I disappeared and there were more clothes on
the clothesline and nothing disappeared but
my bosses were already sweaty mine
sweat on me now now now those are things now now now now
Well I imported it but thank
God thank God ma'am I'm here I'm
glad I'm glad from my heart and that you
're okay It's true that these
things also touch me a little bit
because I don't understand how there can be
people like that really and that they continue to be
given eh exposure on television but
well anyway there has to be everything now
And what do we do and what do we do ma'am now What do we do Yes yes yes
Totally
agree Totally agree Nothing nothing
can be done I'm going to say I'm going to say
one thing and I would have reported it
but I know that he was going to do a lot of
evil to me I know that he was going to
come after me that he was going to do evil evil to me
spent enough to
spend more because I have a
little tension, I worked like a slave I've
been alive for 44 years, I was left with a CR of 8
years now She's 50 years old, I'm not that bad, it's my thing, it
's my thing but envy
what happens is that envy is very
bad yes and my sister has it
riddled you
know well yes I don't deal with him
or basically what she says that
she hasn't reported it because also eh she
would have to report the sister who
was like the friend of teacher Yao who
puts her in contact and all that stuff to me she
gave me to understand how she tells this
She also on television Marina It's that
I think it came out in its day is that
right now I can't find it but I sense that it has
been on television because from where
I I sense that if I have had access
to her it is because that testimony has
been on television before, you know, I mean I
want to tell you or or I know or they have
contacted her before and for whatever
reason this person has not
reported it I think or if it doesn't happen to her c
has been on television it is because this
person  she didn't report it or
whatever but what she says is that
uh she hasn't had a relationship with her sister
since then it's that she's heavy or rather she
's heavy and she doesn't report it out of
fear, so to speak, of retaliation
both for the issue of her sister and for
the teacher himself and she says bad things
she says in case it was going to harm her more she
was going to have to spend more money that we
're talking about 30,000 you know what
this lady doesn't In fact when I
called her at the beginning I was kind of
nervous about having to relive
that issue again I haven't put it here but I
was like I say no don't
worry that if not she'll tell me no no no no
such thing I say Surely you don't know about I
mean in the end man you're at your worst
moment eh with a pretty big illness
what happens is that well I was Loc he
could But that wasn't going to heal him
he hasn't healed him he obviously hasn't
healed him please and that person
knowing that he can't do anything takes
advantage of it for 30,000 is something that doesn't make sense to me
so it would be
missing to hear his version
obviously let's see that's why I
asked you about the TV to see how he
has defended himself against this if he has denied it
if he has said that it is a lie or that it is
true or that look, these are his services
but of course if we are seeing that he
charges for this type of services No, well it is not
a
crazy thing Of course it is not but one
thing is and understand me I find
the phone issue horrible that in the end
people call because they want to it is also
true But eh But he takes advantage of
that you know it's like then But this
seems to me to have crossed totally 80
red lines or to say going of course man for
30,000 going there for something or are we
talking about a serious illness
Knowing I mean it's like a healer I mean we are
no longer talking about evidence
we are talking about a healer as if it
were eh you know with something so serious is that
that money no Why Because he goes
there in person I mean this is
tremendous tremendous man Of course but we
would have to see
his version no to see what counts and such in the end  It's
the word of the lady, of course, cl is
the word of the lady. Of course, of
course, in case it is like that, which
I don't have, I mean, I want to tell you, it's not
the first case that we know of and it's not
good. Yes, of course, it would be good to know
his version. Of course, man, I
understand that no, what is he going to say? No, eh,
but but I don't know. Yes, of course, that's what
he does, too, not reading asses,
healing, putting on candles that take away the
evil eyes. No, he's going to heal, no, the
other day he went to the Kin Le, no this year,
last year he went to the Kin Le of IV. It's
true. It's true, I don't understand those things, those
things, not about taking them to a place and giving
this man a job. No, I don't understand it,
the truth. But it's out of envy, no, when they
see this they say, Oh, how envious. No,
gentlemen, it's not envy, it's that no, it's not
understood. I mean, there are things that can be
understood and there are others that are not understood
and are not understood. I mean, no, but I understand
how this works and in the end he rewards himself
a little. He has known very well how to clean up his
image. I don't know very well how, but no, no,
no  what happens is that here people
wait there are people in chat who are
saying that they don't know it's that I don't know what it's not that one
thing one thing
clí Of course but another thing is that there are those who
take it seriously and pay for that
service of reading cards, predicting the
future and those things that it doesn't exist
But Javi Look at these people who are in the
chat, what they say are you with a
YouTube manipulator What a shame for what you have been
left with, I don't know what talking like that I
understand that they are giving the
teacher reason Joa no because it was because of
this when he came in I understand that they
are giving the teacher reason and either that they
think like him or or that well Knowing that
I all these people bye what I
want to tell you is that no no I can't
understand it Where is the anger of these
people for telling what eh that we have to
think like everyone else We have to go Where is
the flock going very well Benita very well
You have a wonderful past you have
done this phenomenally In the event that this
is true Chapó it seems to me in the
event that this was so that is the
word of this  Lady, this is the most
aberrant thing I've ever seen in my life, I mean, I
want to tell you, it's that I don't know, it
seems that it's that I don't know the
general public opinion that exists on the
networks, you have to applaud and if not, it's that
you're bad, this is misines such eh go to
hell, I mean, I'm already fed up with sheep
But oh well,
life Well, I don't know if I have a sauce shop, eh
family, I don't know,
but tomorrow we'll be
here tomorrow too, I have to
tell you some things, well, strong, it's
strong, it's very strong, the truth is that I,
but it's that without this same testimony
Marina, I mean, the simple fact that, well,
I understand that in the past,
times were different and there was
room and there were many
things, no, but today this
guy who has dedicated himself and has become
rich, I mean, this guy can now retire,
no, this guy has become rich No, in fact, he's
actually paid because he's a
clairvoyant, I don't understand things,
companies like the 40, they put him as the
presenter of a gala Yes, the group  hurry
or rather totally is that no no no
giving an award to is that no no no
has no you and that has its program that
has its program its section its such And that it
must work well that that I am not that I
wish let's say that to the people that it
goes to the best possible in life but
that in specific and punctual cases it does not
escape you from logic you know no you do not
understand How with such a background in
general so bad can it be so
awarded no then you understand a little
in general that life there are things that are
awarded that no that no that to
get so quote unquote Sometimes the
highest Well you have to be a certain
way not of A little
questionable pasta but well that's it or or
because progr no because it's about progress the
prinas group of the weight Yes of course of course well it will be that's why as it
is good
good fam well until Wednesday No yes
see you of good I will do the direct from
Asturias don't tell me or that we move it to
Thursday
but well depending on the topics we will
talk about it no I do not say it because as it is
2600 people well to notify of one
change or another  no Or how do you see it eh Well what I
know is that I don't know what's going to happen between
now and Wednesday dear that
you don't realize that we created the issues
We do already already but for now I don't know why do
you want to change them that's what you
want to tell me is that I'm not sure
how the WiFi will be he says it's bad for me on
Wednesday or do you want to do you already that we
change it directly is what you
want to tell me meuca how do you think being
on WiFi in Asturias but let's see He commands He commands the
people do
n't command the people no no Wednesday is
our day we're going to be faithful
Wednesday at 10:30 we'll see each other here whatever
you want we can try And if it goes
badly then no I don't know You're not going to
disrespect me again publicly Eh
yes yes we can try and If we see that no
then you asked me then say that you asked me
Forgiveness in private I [ __ ] What a liar
man that you asked me Forgiveness or not but why Well
because it looked bad Ah because it
looked bad but in any case
I would ask people for forgiveness not because I want to
cut it off It's
not that I don't know that I have to
hold on I have to
hold on It's that I'm so I'm so
demanding no there's it's that you don't
deserve it you don't deserve Wednesday
So what do we do we change it
for Thursday of the tent just in case
my
Wednesday or we'll see during the
week no Wednesday I don't know why I
told you anything yes I smoke badly it's all the
same to me I mean it's all the
same to me one day or another let's see it depends on
Look Wednesday of course the people let's see People rule
then what
people say
okay Amanda I want to see Maria every
day
Ugh Amanda Well I'll give you your
phone number terrible look what
Dallas is telling you done figure
Eh Well I don't know if I'm going to the salsería
Luare told me that it will
open So yes I'll open I imagine I'll
open okay it seems great come on
Wednesday habos there have been several
fixes okay okay a kiss handsome Goodbye
Marina bye family thanks good
night Hey
brutal a kiss handsome
rest finally finally I
[Music]
You are
you you you are you
for
[Music]
It was Sunday a
sing heartbeats
[Music]
and
are you me
me
[Music]
on Oh